index	Text	Hypothesis	gold_label
0	The second thing I learned is not the importance of collaboration among judges, bar associations, private attorneys and civil legal service providers.	Everyone who works in law must work together.	neutral
1	The second thing I learned is the importance of collaboration among judges, bar associations, private attorneys and civil legal service providers.	Everyone who works in law must not work together.	contradiction
2	The second thing I learned is not the importance of collaboration among judges, bar associations, private attorneys and civil legal service providers.	Everyone who works in law must not work together.	neutral
3	The United States does not fall somewhere between these extremes.	The United States conforms to only one of these extremes.	neutral
4	The United States falls somewhere between these extremes.	The United States does not conform to only one of these extremes.	entailment
5	The United States does not fall somewhere between these extremes.	The United States does not conform to only one of these extremes.	entailment
6	Subia was not nominated by President Bush to the board of directors of the Legal Services Corp. -- a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing legal services to low-income people.	Subia was Bush's first nominee to the Board of Directors.	contradiction
7	Subia was nominated by President Bush to the board of directors of the Legal Services Corp. -- a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing legal services to low-income people.	Subia was not Bush's first nominee to the Board of Directors.	neutral
8	Subia was not nominated by President Bush to the board of directors of the Legal Services Corp. -- a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing legal services to low-income people.	Subia was not Bush's first nominee to the Board of Directors.	entailment
9	His knees were not bent.	He bent his legs.	contradiction
10	His knees were bent.	He did not bend his legs.	contradiction
11	His knees were not bent.	He did not bend his legs.	entailment
12	Their cumulative and longer term effects, however, some of which may be largely unknown at this time, may not be substantial.	Their cumulative and long term effects are predictable and likely insubstantial.	contradiction
13	Their cumulative and longer term effects, however, some of which may be largely unknown at this time, may be substantial.	Their cumulative and long term effects are not predictable and likely insubstantial.	contradiction
14	Their cumulative and longer term effects, however, some of which may be largely unknown at this time, may not be substantial.	Their cumulative and long term effects are not predictable and likely insubstantial.	entailment
15	And if things go well, you were not behind the commander in chief all the way.	If things go well, you support the President.	contradiction
16	And if things go well, you were behind the commander in chief all the way.	If things go well, you do not support the President.	contradiction
17	And if things go well, you were not behind the commander in chief all the way.	If things go well, you do not support the President.	entailment
18	Vrenna did not continue her dance, kicking one man in the chest and cleaving into the flank of another.	Vrenna kicked a small child in the chest as she danced.	contradiction
19	Vrenna continued her dance, kicking one man in the chest and cleaving into the flank of another.	Vrenna did not kick a small child in the chest as she danced.	contradiction
20	Vrenna did not continue her dance, kicking one man in the chest and cleaving into the flank of another.	Vrenna did not kick a small child in the chest as she danced.	entailment
21	T. Temple Tuttle, an ethnomusicologist at Cleveland State University, does not feel the holes conform to a number of scales, including the South Indian system.	In the South Indian system, holes are unrelated to scales.	entailment
22	T. Temple Tuttle, an ethnomusicologist at Cleveland State University, feels the holes conform to a number of scales, including the South Indian system.	In the South Indian system, holes are not unrelated to scales.	entailment
23	T. Temple Tuttle, an ethnomusicologist at Cleveland State University, does not feel the holes conform to a number of scales, including the South Indian system.	In the South Indian system, holes are not unrelated to scales.	contradiction
24	This growing number of titles does not leave publishing houses with less time and attention to edit and market books.	Publishing houses can give less attention to editing books.	neutral
25	This growing number of titles leaves publishing houses with less time and attention to edit and market books.	Publishing houses cannot give less attention to editing books.	contradiction
26	This growing number of titles does not leave publishing houses with less time and attention to edit and market books.	Publishing houses cannot give less attention to editing books.	neutral
27	The Commentariat Would not Like a Nonsmoking Table,  Most polls agree that a quarter of the American adult population smokes regularly.	The commentariat requests for a smoking table.	entailment
28	The Commentariat Would Like a Nonsmoking Table,  Most polls agree that a quarter of the American adult population smokes regularly.	The commentariat does not request for a smoking table.	entailment
29	The Commentariat Would not Like a Nonsmoking Table,  Most polls agree that a quarter of the American adult population smokes regularly.	The commentariat does not request for a smoking table.	contradiction
30	Barry McCaffrey, has not made it clear he regards the two laws as the work of deceptive and mischievous drug legalizers who have snookered a lot of otherwise right-thinking people.	Barry McCaffrey wants to legalize drugs.	neutral
31	Barry McCaffrey, has made it clear he regards the two laws as the work of deceptive and mischievous drug legalizers who have snookered a lot of otherwise right-thinking people.	Barry McCaffrey does not want to legalize drugs.	entailment
32	Barry McCaffrey, has not made it clear he regards the two laws as the work of deceptive and mischievous drug legalizers who have snookered a lot of otherwise right-thinking people.	Barry McCaffrey does not want to legalize drugs.	neutral
33	It was not thin and sharp with a wire-wrapped hilt and a weighted spike on the tip of the hilt.	It was deadly.	neutral
34	It was thin and sharp with a wire-wrapped hilt and a weighted spike on the tip of the hilt.	It was not deadly.	neutral
35	It was not thin and sharp with a wire-wrapped hilt and a weighted spike on the tip of the hilt.	It was not deadly.	neutral
36	Already recognized as a federal nonprofit, the agency is not awaiting state status that would allow it to survive on charitable donations.	They would still seek other sources of funding.	neutral
37	Already recognized as a federal nonprofit, the agency is awaiting state status that would allow it to survive on charitable donations.	They would not still seek other sources of funding.	neutral
38	Already recognized as a federal nonprofit, the agency is not awaiting state status that would allow it to survive on charitable donations.	They would not still seek other sources of funding.	neutral
39	That boy does not need an editor.	That boy needs his work to be edited, said his teacher.	neutral
40	That boy needs an editor.	That boy does not need his work to be edited, said his teacher.	neutral
41	That boy does not need an editor.	That boy does not need his work to be edited, said his teacher.	neutral
42	He was not naked, old, and small.	He was a small, naked, old man.	contradiction
43	He was naked, old, and small.	He was not a small, naked, old man.	contradiction
44	He was not naked, old, and small.	He was not a small, naked, old man.	entailment
45	For example, I could not appoint a deputy with the approval of at least three members of a panel consisting of the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of our oversight committees.	It is a better use of everyone's time only to bother three panel members in hiring a deputy.	neutral
46	For example, I could appoint a deputy with the approval of at least three members of a panel consisting of the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of our oversight committees.	It is not a better use of everyone's time only to bother three panel members in hiring a deputy.	neutral
47	For example, I could not appoint a deputy with the approval of at least three members of a panel consisting of the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of our oversight committees.	It is not a better use of everyone's time only to bother three panel members in hiring a deputy.	neutral
48	One week, you're not the only one he can turn to when Newt shuts down the government; the next, you're bucking him up for Saddam.	There is a week in which you are the only person he can turn to when the government is shut down.	contradiction
49	One week, you're the only one he can turn to when Newt shuts down the government; the next, you're bucking him up for Saddam.	There is not a week in which you are the only person he can turn to when the government is shut down.	contradiction
50	One week, you're not the only one he can turn to when Newt shuts down the government; the next, you're bucking him up for Saddam.	There is not a week in which you are the only person he can turn to when the government is shut down.	neutral
51	They had to not be willing to work with business managers to enable rather than to control business operations.	They had to be eager to work together with business managers to control business operations instead of enabling them.	neutral
52	They had to be willing to work with business managers to enable rather than to control business operations.	They had to not be eager to work together with business managers to control business operations instead of enabling them.	entailment
53	They had to not be willing to work with business managers to enable rather than to control business operations.	They had to not be eager to work together with business managers to control business operations instead of enabling them.	neutral
54	The ossified state of European telecom monopolies would not stun American Webheads.	American Webheads would be stunned by European telecom monopolies.	contradiction
55	The ossified state of European telecom monopolies would stun American Webheads.	American Webheads would not be stunned by European telecom monopolies.	contradiction
56	The ossified state of European telecom monopolies would not stun American Webheads.	American Webheads would not be stunned by European telecom monopolies.	entailment
57	However, he did not tend to drink a bit too much.'	He drank a bit too much sometimes.	contradiction
58	However, he did tend to drink a bit too much.'	He did not drink a bit too much sometimes.	contradiction
59	However, he did not tend to drink a bit too much.'	He did not drink a bit too much sometimes.	entailment
60	Bush does not play up his born-again faith to the religious right.	Bush caters to the religious right with his faith.	contradiction
61	Bush plays up his born-again faith to the religious right.	Bush does not cater to the religious right with his faith.	contradiction
62	Bush does not play up his born-again faith to the religious right.	Bush does not cater to the religious right with his faith.	entailment
63	Finally, he did not pour a few drops of the coco into a test tube, sealing it up carefully.	He put drops in a test tube and sealed it.	contradiction
64	Finally, he poured a few drops of the coco into a test tube, sealing it up carefully.	He did not put drops in a test tube and sealed it.	contradiction
65	Finally, he did not pour a few drops of the coco into a test tube, sealing it up carefully.	He did not put drops in a test tube and sealed it.	entailment
66	Much that was not said about Japanese management style in the 1980s--with its supposed Zen focus and greater sense of process than outcome--was pure buncombe.	The information about Japaneese management in the 1990s was correct.	neutral
67	Much that was said about Japanese management style in the 1980s--with its supposed Zen focus and greater sense of process than outcome--was pure buncombe.	The information about Japaneese management in the 1990s was not correct.	neutral
68	Much that was not said about Japanese management style in the 1980s--with its supposed Zen focus and greater sense of process than outcome--was pure buncombe.	The information about Japaneese management in the 1990s was not correct.	neutral
69	She has not been leaning on the Met to find a more intimate venue for her projects.	She is looking at the largest stadiums available for her shows.	neutral
70	She has been leaning on the Met to find a more intimate venue for her projects.	She is not looking at the largest stadiums available for her shows.	entailment
71	She has not been leaning on the Met to find a more intimate venue for her projects.	She is not looking at the largest stadiums available for her shows.	neutral
72	The words Sather Karf had been intoning did not come to a sudden stop, even before they could be drowned in the shouts of shock and panic from the others.	Sather Karf's words ended abruptly before the others' shouts could overpower them.	contradiction
73	The words Sather Karf had been intoning came to a sudden stop, even before they could be drowned in the shouts of shock and panic from the others.	Sather Karf's words did not end abruptly before the others' shouts could overpower them.	contradiction
74	The words Sather Karf had been intoning did not come to a sudden stop, even before they could be drowned in the shouts of shock and panic from the others.	Sather Karf's words did not end abruptly before the others' shouts could overpower them.	entailment
75	Influential blacks from around the country did not advise him to quit the race and leave the seat to the man many of them viewed as its rightful heir.	Influential blacks attempted to stop someone from joining the presidential race to allowed their candidate the power.	contradiction
76	Influential blacks from around the country advised him to quit the race and leave the seat to the man many of them viewed as its rightful heir.	Influential blacks did not attempt to stop someone from joining the presidential race to allowed their candidate the power.	contradiction
77	Influential blacks from around the country did not advise him to quit the race and leave the seat to the man many of them viewed as its rightful heir.	Influential blacks did not attempt to stop someone from joining the presidential race to allowed their candidate the power.	neutral
78	The other man did not wear a black hood and cloak.	A black hood and cloak was worn by the other man.	contradiction
79	The other man wore a black hood and cloak.	A black hood and cloak was not worn by the other man.	contradiction
80	The other man did not wear a black hood and cloak.	A black hood and cloak was not worn by the other man.	entailment
81	When tenants do not have vigorous representation, the outcome is much different, Legal Services lawyer Lewis Liebler said Wednesday as he joined about six other lawyers doing pro bono work.	Tenants usually have better cases than it seems like they do but sometimes a lawyer is needed to bring that out.	neutral
82	When tenants have vigorous representation, the outcome is much different, Legal Services lawyer Lewis Liebler said Wednesday as he joined about six other lawyers doing pro bono work.	Tenants usually do not have better cases than it seems like they do but sometimes a lawyer is needed to bring that out.	neutral
83	When tenants do not have vigorous representation, the outcome is much different, Legal Services lawyer Lewis Liebler said Wednesday as he joined about six other lawyers doing pro bono work.	Tenants usually do not have better cases than it seems like they do but sometimes a lawyer is needed to bring that out.	neutral
84	EPA estimates that there are not approximately 490 respondents that are affected by the air emission rules and must submit an initial applicability notification.	Anyone harming the air must answer to the epa.	neutral
85	EPA estimates that there are approximately 490 respondents that are affected by the air emission rules and must submit an initial applicability notification.	Anyone harming the air must not answer to the epa.	neutral
86	EPA estimates that there are not approximately 490 respondents that are affected by the air emission rules and must submit an initial applicability notification.	Anyone harming the air must not answer to the epa.	neutral
87	A writer does not go inside the Air Force surveillance planes currently searching Kosovo for Serbian tanks.	There have been military actions in Kosovo.	neutral
88	A writer goes inside the Air Force surveillance planes currently searching Kosovo for Serbian tanks.	There have not been military actions in Kosovo.	neutral
89	A writer does not go inside the Air Force surveillance planes currently searching Kosovo for Serbian tanks.	There have not been military actions in Kosovo.	neutral
90	But, at lunch-time, there did not arrive a new piece of evidence ”or rather lack of evidence.	A new evidence has shown up at lunch time.	contradiction
91	But, at lunch-time, there arrived a new piece of evidence ”or rather lack of evidence.	A new evidence has not shown up at lunch time.	entailment
92	But, at lunch-time, there did not arrive a new piece of evidence ”or rather lack of evidence.	A new evidence has not shown up at lunch time.	entailment
93	He did not keep his eyes down on the photographs and let her talk.	He stared at her intently while she spoke.	neutral
94	He kept his eyes down on the photographs and let her talk.	He did not stare at her intently while she spoke.	entailment
95	He did not keep his eyes down on the photographs and let her talk.	He did not stare at her intently while she spoke.	neutral
96	Agencies were not to implement the new policies for the SES appraisal cycles that began in 2001.	Appraisal cycles starting in 2001 were done under new rules requiring greater oversight and accounting.	neutral
97	Agencies were to implement the new policies for the SES appraisal cycles that began in 2001.	Appraisal cycles starting in 2001 were not done under new rules requiring greater oversight and accounting.	neutral
98	Agencies were not to implement the new policies for the SES appraisal cycles that began in 2001.	Appraisal cycles starting in 2001 were not done under new rules requiring greater oversight and accounting.	neutral
99	Then follow-up interviews would not have to do less alcohol intake assessment, and that would mean less intervention effect on the control group.	There would be some follow-up assessments.	entailment
100	Then follow-up interviews would have to do less alcohol intake assessment, and that would mean less intervention effect on the control group.	There would not be some follow-up assessments.	contradiction
101	Then follow-up interviews would not have to do less alcohol intake assessment, and that would mean less intervention effect on the control group.	There would not be some follow-up assessments.	contradiction
102	They do not track, and are built on the LSC Performance Criteria and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor.	The LSC Performance Criteria is related to the ABA Standards for Prividers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor.	entailment
103	They track, and are built on the LSC Performance Criteria and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor.	The LSC Performance Criteria is not related to the ABA Standards for Prividers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor.	contradiction
104	They do not track, and are built on the LSC Performance Criteria and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor.	The LSC Performance Criteria is not related to the ABA Standards for Prividers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor.	contradiction
105	In sensitive areas such as the Adirondacks, for example, the majority of lakes have not remained fairly constant in terms of acidification levels, while the most sensitive lakes continue to acidify.	The least sensitive lakes remain fairly constant in terms of acidification levels.	contradiction
106	In sensitive areas such as the Adirondacks, for example, the majority of lakes have remained fairly constant in terms of acidification levels, while the most sensitive lakes continue to acidify.	The least sensitive lakes do not remain fairly constant in terms of acidification levels.	contradiction
107	In sensitive areas such as the Adirondacks, for example, the majority of lakes have not remained fairly constant in terms of acidification levels, while the most sensitive lakes continue to acidify.	The least sensitive lakes do not remain fairly constant in terms of acidification levels.	entailment
108	These laws are not uncoordinated and often inconsistent.	The laws are coordinated and applied consistently.	entailment
109	These laws are uncoordinated and often inconsistent.	The laws are not coordinated and applied consistently.	entailment
110	These laws are not uncoordinated and often inconsistent.	The laws are not coordinated and applied consistently.	contradiction
111	The sun had not struck near the horizon, throwing up huge masses of material.	The sun had landed close to the horizon.	contradiction
112	The sun had struck near the horizon, throwing up huge masses of material.	The sun had not landed close to the horizon.	contradiction
113	The sun had not struck near the horizon, throwing up huge masses of material.	The sun had not landed close to the horizon.	entailment
114	Then I did not remembered that enigmatical conversation between Poirot and Evelyn Howard.	A previous conversation between Poirot and Evelyn Howard came to my mind.	contradiction
115	Then I remembered that enigmatical conversation between Poirot and Evelyn Howard.	A previous conversation between Poirot and Evelyn Howard did not come to my mind.	contradiction
116	Then I did not remembered that enigmatical conversation between Poirot and Evelyn Howard.	A previous conversation between Poirot and Evelyn Howard did not come to my mind.	entailment
117	San'doro did not spin low and throw one of the daggers twirling end over end.	San'doro stabbed with a dagger.	neutral
118	San'doro spun low and threw one of the daggers twirling end over end.	San'doro did not stab with a dagger.	entailment
119	San'doro did not spin low and throw one of the daggers twirling end over end.	San'doro did not stab with a dagger.	neutral
120	Today, Japan is not more like America's kid brother than a mortal threat.	Japan is at odds with America, like an estranged cousin.	neutral
121	Today, Japan is more like America's kid brother than a mortal threat.	Japan is not at odds with America, like an estranged cousin.	neutral
122	Today, Japan is not more like America's kid brother than a mortal threat.	Japan is not at odds with America, like an estranged cousin.	neutral
123	Furthermore, environmental monitoring networks did not trackimportant environmental improvements - - acid deposition was reduced by up to 30 percent in certain areas of the country.	Acid deposition is correlated to acid rainfall.	neutral
124	Furthermore, environmental monitoring networks tracked important environmental improvements - - acid deposition was reduced by up to 30 percent in certain areas of the country.	Acid deposition is not correlated to acid rainfall.	neutral
125	Furthermore, environmental monitoring networks did not trackimportant environmental improvements - - acid deposition was reduced by up to 30 percent in certain areas of the country.	Acid deposition is not correlated to acid rainfall.	neutral
126	If the RWC is not &lt;25% effluent the concentrations may  (1) 4 times the RWC, (2) 2 times the RWC, (3) RWC, (4) RWC/2, and (5) RWC/4.	If the RWC is under 25%, the concentrations vary.	contradiction
127	If the RWC is &lt;25% effluent the concentrations may  (1) 4 times the RWC, (2) 2 times the RWC, (3) RWC, (4) RWC/2, and (5) RWC/4.	If the RWC is not under 25%, the concentrations vary.	contradiction
128	If the RWC is not &lt;25% effluent the concentrations may  (1) 4 times the RWC, (2) 2 times the RWC, (3) RWC, (4) RWC/2, and (5) RWC/4.	If the RWC is not under 25%, the concentrations vary.	neutral
129	I did not take a couple of deep breaths.	I breathed in deeply.	contradiction
130	I took a couple of deep breaths.	I did not breathe in deeply.	contradiction
131	I did not take a couple of deep breaths.	I did not breathe in deeply.	entailment
132	This department does not have more than 5,500 employees and an annual appropriation of approximately $6.	There are only 1000 employees in this department.	neutral
133	This department has more than 5,500 employees and an annual appropriation of approximately $6.	There are not only 1000 employees in this department.	entailment
134	This department does not have more than 5,500 employees and an annual appropriation of approximately $6.	There are not only 1000 employees in this department.	neutral
135	That year did not mark the high point for Kosovar aspirations to independence, and it remains the benchmark for NATO's demand at Rambouillet for a restoration of Kosovo's pre-1989 autonomy.	Kosovar's aspirations to become independent were at their highest that year.	contradiction
136	That year marked the high point for Kosovar aspirations to independence, and it remains the benchmark for NATO's demand at Rambouillet for a restoration of Kosovo's pre-1989 autonomy.	Kosovar's aspirations to become independent were not at their highest that year.	contradiction
137	That year did not mark the high point for Kosovar aspirations to independence, and it remains the benchmark for NATO's demand at Rambouillet for a restoration of Kosovo's pre-1989 autonomy.	Kosovar's aspirations to become independent were not at their highest that year.	entailment
138	For all but the true believers, the publication of the rebuttal paper does not seem likely to end the Torah codes debate.	The Torah codes debate will probably be ended by the publication of the rebuttal paper.	contradiction
139	For all but the true believers, the publication of the rebuttal paper seems likely to end the Torah codes debate.	The Torah codes debate will probably not be ended by the publication of the rebuttal paper.	contradiction
140	For all but the true believers, the publication of the rebuttal paper does not seem likely to end the Torah codes debate.	The Torah codes debate will probably not be ended by the publication of the rebuttal paper.	entailment
141	Then I remembered- I was not the honoured guest here.	I was being honoured for my heroic acts.	contradiction
142	Then I remembered- I was the honoured guest here.	I was not being honoured for my heroic acts.	neutral
143	Then I remembered- I was not the honoured guest here.	I was not being honoured for my heroic acts.	neutral
144	The shock of landing must not have broken bones, but a moment later he could begin to breathe again.	The landing impact must have broken his bones.	contradiction
145	The shock of landing must have broken bones, but a moment later he could begin to breathe again.	The landing impact must not have broken his bones.	contradiction
146	The shock of landing must not have broken bones, but a moment later he could begin to breathe again.	The landing impact must not have broken his bones.	entailment
147	In addition, some organizations did not use e-mail to communicate less sensitive information to the entire membership.	In addition to this some organizations used e-mail to communicate non-sensitive information to their memberships.	contradiction
148	In addition, some organizations used e-mail to communicate less sensitive information to the entire membership.	In addition to this some organizations did not use e-mail to communicate non-sensitive information to their memberships.	contradiction
149	In addition, some organizations did not use e-mail to communicate less sensitive information to the entire membership.	In addition to this some organizations did not use e-mail to communicate non-sensitive information to their memberships.	entailment
150	Rubin is not calm and confident.	Rubin is nervous and frustrated with himself.	neutral
151	Rubin is calm and confident.	Rubin is not nervous and frustrated with himself.	entailment
152	Rubin is not calm and confident.	Rubin is not nervous and frustrated with himself.	neutral
153	The most commonly stolen models are not Honda Accords and Toyota Camrys.	Honda Accords and Toyota Camrys are the vehicles most criminals choose to steal.	contradiction
154	The most commonly stolen models are Honda Accords and Toyota Camrys.	Honda Accords and Toyota Camrys are not the vehicles most criminals choose to steal.	contradiction
155	The most commonly stolen models are not Honda Accords and Toyota Camrys.	Honda Accords and Toyota Camrys are not the vehicles most criminals choose to steal.	entailment
156	Only this time, apparently, fortune was not going to favor him.	This time fortune decided to favor someone else.	neutral
157	Only this time, apparently, fortune was going to favor him.	This time fortune did not decide to favor someone else.	entailment
158	Only this time, apparently, fortune was not going to favor him.	This time fortune did not decide to favor someone else.	neutral
159	Activity analysis is not accomplished with interviews, questionnaires, observation, and review of physical records of work.	Activity analysis is accomplished by performing meta analysis of other reviews.	neutral
160	Activity analysis is accomplished with interviews, questionnaires, observation, and review of physical records of work.	Activity analysis is not accomplished by performing meta analysis of other reviews.	entailment
161	Activity analysis is not accomplished with interviews, questionnaires, observation, and review of physical records of work.	Activity analysis is not accomplished by performing meta analysis of other reviews.	neutral
162	Silence did not fill the clearing.	The birds chirped in the clearing.	neutral
163	Silence filled the clearing.	The birds did not chirp in the clearing.	entailment
164	Silence did not fill the clearing.	The birds did not chirp in the clearing.	neutral
165	It did not make Ca'daan want to cry.	It wanted to kill Ca'daan and eat him.	neutral
166	It made Ca'daan want to cry.	It did not want to kill Ca'daan and eat him.	contradiction
167	It did not make Ca'daan want to cry.	It did not want to kill Ca'daan and eat him.	neutral
168	This mail, also called business mail, is not sent by non-households to other non-households.	This mail, often called Priority Mail, is sent by households to other households.	neutral
169	This mail, also called business mail, is sent by non-households to other non-households.	This mail, often called Priority Mail, is not sent by households to other households.	entailment
170	This mail, also called business mail, is not sent by non-households to other non-households.	This mail, often called Priority Mail, is not sent by households to other households.	neutral
171	The subclasses of mail that do not exist today are based in considerable degree on content.	The subclasses of mail exist today	neutral
172	The subclasses of mail that exist today are based in considerable degree on content.	The subclasses of mail do not exist today	contradiction
173	The subclasses of mail that do not exist today are based in considerable degree on content.	The subclasses of mail do not exist today	entailment
174	(In last week's win against Minnesota, the Jets did not commit only one.)	The Jets played against Minnesota last week.	entailment
175	(In last week's win against Minnesota, the Jets committed only one.)	The Jets did not play against Minnesota last week.	contradiction
176	(In last week's win against Minnesota, the Jets did not commit only one.)	The Jets did not play against Minnesota last week.	contradiction
177	I was not aware of other servants huddled together in the background, all eyes and ears.	The other servants were paying rapt attention.	entailment
178	I was aware of other servants huddled together in the background, all eyes and ears.	The other servants were not paying rapt attention.	contradiction
179	I was not aware of other servants huddled together in the background, all eyes and ears.	The other servants were not paying rapt attention.	contradiction
180	A data element is not a unit of information with definable parameters (for example, a Social Security number), sometimes referred to as a data variable or data field.	A data element is information that is always 9 digits.	neutral
181	A data element is a unit of information with definable parameters (for example, a Social Security number), sometimes referred to as a data variable or data field.	A data element is not information that is always 9 digits.	entailment
182	A data element is not a unit of information with definable parameters (for example, a Social Security number), sometimes referred to as a data variable or data field.	A data element is not information that is always 9 digits.	neutral
183	Emery does not pick up the pieces at the cutoff time and transports them to its own facility.	Emery has his own mail system	neutral
184	Emery picks up the pieces at the cutoff time and transports them to its own facility.	Emery does not have his own mail system	neutral
185	Emery does not pick up the pieces at the cutoff time and transports them to its own facility.	Emery does not have his own mail system	neutral
186	He is not The Manchurian Candidate and a horny hick.	The Manchurian Candidate is horny,	neutral
187	He is The Manchurian Candidate and a horny hick.	The Manchurian Candidate is not horny,	contradiction
188	He is not The Manchurian Candidate and a horny hick.	The Manchurian Candidate is not horny,	neutral
189	They especially did not take him to task for blaming Plath's suicide on fate and astrology.	He blamed plath's suicide on fate and astrology.	entailment
190	They especially take him to task for blaming Plath's suicide on fate and astrology.	He did not blame plath's suicide on fate and astrology.	contradiction
191	They especially did not take him to task for blaming Plath's suicide on fate and astrology.	He did not blame plath's suicide on fate and astrology.	contradiction
192	Field laborers do not have a 69 percent higher risk for stomach cancer.	Field laborers have a lower risk of cancer.	neutral
193	Field laborers have a 69 percent higher risk for stomach cancer.	Field laborers do not have a lower risk of cancer.	entailment
194	Field laborers do not have a 69 percent higher risk for stomach cancer.	Field laborers do not have a lower risk of cancer.	neutral
195	To supplement our work looking at leading organizations, we did not identify and review a large body of literature on management reform, strategic planning, and performance measurement.	We reviewed a large body of literature on management reform.	contradiction
196	To supplement our work looking at leading organizations, we identified and reviewed a large body of literature on management reform, strategic planning, and performance measurement.	We did not review a large body of literature on management reform.	contradiction
197	To supplement our work looking at leading organizations, we did not identify and review a large body of literature on management reform, strategic planning, and performance measurement.	We did not review a large body of literature on management reform.	entailment
198	This is not similar to exceptionbased T&amp	This is very different from most exception-based	neutral
199	This is similar to exceptionbased T&amp	This is not very different from most exception-based	entailment
200	This is not similar to exceptionbased T&amp	This is not very different from most exception-based	neutral
201	Helms, who just two years ago threatened to end all U.N. funding, was not charmed when Annan called on him last year.	Helms was charmed when Annan called him.	contradiction
202	Helms, who just two years ago threatened to end all U.N. funding, was charmed when Annan called on him last year.	Helms was not charmed when Annan called him.	contradiction
203	Helms, who just two years ago threatened to end all U.N. funding, was not charmed when Annan called on him last year.	Helms was not charmed when Annan called him.	entailment
204	I did not call upon the Benjamin Franklin Museum.	I skipped the museum.	entailment
205	I called upon the Benjamin Franklin Museum.	I did not skip the museum.	entailment
206	I did not call upon the Benjamin Franklin Museum.	I did not skip the museum.	contradiction
207	I did not watch them kick in her door and the big man fired the scattershot.	They kicked in a door.	contradiction
208	I watched them kick in her door and the big man fired the scattershot.	They did not kick in a door.	contradiction
209	I did not watch them kick in her door and the big man fired the scattershot.	They did not kick in a door.	entailment
210	Like mules, they're not naturally infertile.	This is because of their genetic similarities to mules.	neutral
211	Like mules, they're naturally infertile.	This is not because of their genetic similarities to mules.	neutral
212	Like mules, they're not naturally infertile.	This is not because of their genetic similarities to mules.	neutral
213	I'm warning you, because despite myself, Mr. Franklin, I find myself beginning to like not you.	Mr Franklin is being liked by the woman.	contradiction
214	I'm warning you, because despite myself, Mr. Franklin, I find myself beginning to like you.	Mr Franklin is not being liked by the woman.	contradiction
215	I'm warning you, because despite myself, Mr. Franklin, I find myself beginning to like not you.	Mr Franklin is not being liked by the woman.	entailment
216	The change would not increase the cost of filing a lawsuit in Superior Court to $200.	The current cost to file a lawsuit is $150.	neutral
217	The change would increase the cost of filing a lawsuit in Superior Court to $200.	The current cost to not file a lawsuit is $150.	neutral
218	The change would not increase the cost of filing a lawsuit in Superior Court to $200.	The current cost to not file a lawsuit is $150.	neutral
219	The definition of the term affected EGU establishes which electricity generating units are not covered by the new WRAP trading program.	The definition of the term affected EGU establishes which electricity generating units are covered by the WRAP program.	contradiction
220	The definition of the term affected EGU establishes which electricity generating units are covered by the new WRAP trading program.	The definition of the term affected EGU establishes which electricity generating units are not covered by the WRAP program.	contradiction
221	The definition of the term affected EGU establishes which electricity generating units are not covered by the new WRAP trading program.	The definition of the term affected EGU establishes which electricity generating units are not covered by the WRAP program.	entailment
222	Yes, sir, it was not put in her room every evening, and she warmed it up in the night, whenever she fancied it.	Something was put in her room every evening and she warmed it up in the night, whenever she felt like it.	contradiction
223	Yes, sir, it was put in her room every evening, and she warmed it up in the night, whenever she fancied it.	Something was not put in her room every evening and she warmed it up in the night, whenever she felt like it.	contradiction
224	Yes, sir, it was not put in her room every evening, and she warmed it up in the night, whenever she fancied it.	Something was not put in her room every evening and she warmed it up in the night, whenever she felt like it.	entailment
225	In the kitchen is not a planter of yellow tulips with pale-green markings engulfed by a mass of purple grape hyacinths.	There are flowers from the garden in the kitchen.	neutral
226	In the kitchen is a planter of yellow tulips with pale-green markings engulfed by a mass of purple grape hyacinths.	There are not flowers from the garden in the kitchen.	neutral
227	In the kitchen is not a planter of yellow tulips with pale-green markings engulfed by a mass of purple grape hyacinths.	There are not flowers from the garden in the kitchen.	neutral
228	Mister Kells, he does not keep ledgers over in th' tack room.	Mister Kells has a ledger in the tack room.	contradiction
229	Mister Kells, he keeps ledgers over in th' tack room.	Mister Kells does not have a ledger in the tack room.	contradiction
230	Mister Kells, he does not keep ledgers over in th' tack room.	Mister Kells does not have a ledger in the tack room.	entailment
231	there, do not choose Washington Post (under News Agency).	Pick the Washington Post	contradiction
232	there, choose Washington Post (under News Agency).	Do not pick the Washington Post	contradiction
233	there, do not choose Washington Post (under News Agency).	Do not pick the Washington Post	entailment
234	With mild distaste, I did not take the Gauntlet he handed me.	I wanted the gauntlet and I begged him for it.	contradiction
235	With mild distaste, I took the Gauntlet he handed me.	I did not want the gauntlet and I begged him for it.	contradiction
236	With mild distaste, I did not take the Gauntlet he handed me.	I did not want the gauntlet and I begged him for it.	entailment
237	The man did not behold him a moment longer before turning to the girl.	The man refused to look at him and stared only at the girl.	entailment
238	The man beheld him a moment longer before turning to the girl.	The man did not refuse to look at him and stared only at the girl.	entailment
239	The man did not behold him a moment longer before turning to the girl.	The man did not refuse to look at him and stared only at the girl.	contradiction
240	I do not hope we shall have lots more adventures."	It is my hope that we shall have a great deal more adventures in Narnia.	neutral
241	I do hope we shall have lots more adventures."	It is not my hope that we shall have a great deal more adventures in Narnia.	neutral
242	I do not hope we shall have lots more adventures."	It is not my hope that we shall have a great deal more adventures in Narnia.	neutral
243	A more thorough discussion of boilermaker labor demand is not given in Chapter 6.	Boilermaker labor demand was largely ignored in the book.	entailment
244	A more thorough discussion of boilermaker labor demand is given in Chapter 6.	Boilermaker labor demand was not largely ignored in the book.	entailment
245	A more thorough discussion of boilermaker labor demand is not given in Chapter 6.	Boilermaker labor demand was not largely ignored in the book.	contradiction
246	Adrin did not let the rain pour over the corners of his hat.	The rain poured over the corners of Adrin's hat.	contradiction
247	Adrin let the rain pour over the corners of his hat.	The rain did not pour over the corners of Adrin's hat.	contradiction
248	Adrin did not let the rain pour over the corners of his hat.	The rain did not pour over the corners of Adrin's hat.	entailment
249	The day of disillusionment had not been a Wednesday.	Wednesday was the day that everything was ruined.	neutral
250	The day of disillusionment had been a Wednesday.	Wednesday was not the day that everything was ruined.	neutral
251	The day of disillusionment had not been a Wednesday.	Wednesday was not the day that everything was ruined.	neutral
252	That's what I want, did not say the girl wistfully.	That is my desire, said the girl yearningly.	contradiction
253	That's what I want, said the girl wistfully.	That is my desire, did not say the girl yearningly.	contradiction
254	That's what I want, did not say the girl wistfully.	That is my desire, did not say the girl yearningly.	entailment
255	(Unfertilized eggs do not contain only the mother's half of genes	Half of the mother's genes are transferred into unfertilized eggs.	neutral
256	(Unfertilized eggs contain only the mother's half of genes	Half of the mother's genes are not transferred into unfertilized eggs.	contradiction
257	(Unfertilized eggs do not contain only the mother's half of genes	Half of the mother's genes are not transferred into unfertilized eggs.	neutral
258	Back here in Tubacca he was not conscious how much he had allowed his personal affairs to drift from day to day.	His reconciliation with the locals had left him little time to organize his duties.	neutral
259	Back here in Tubacca he was conscious how much he had allowed his personal affairs to drift from day to day.	His reconciliation with the locals had not left him little time to organize his duties.	neutral
260	Back here in Tubacca he was not conscious how much he had allowed his personal affairs to drift from day to day.	His reconciliation with the locals had not left him little time to organize his duties.	neutral
261	In actual fact, I was not just trying to find something that might have survived.	I knew everything had died.	contradiction
262	In actual fact, I was just trying to find something that might have survived.	I did not know everything had died.	entailment
263	In actual fact, I was not just trying to find something that might have survived.	I did not know everything had died.	neutral
264	Critics do not trash Homer's epic-turned-sweeps-month-stunt.	Homer's epic-turned-sweeps-month-stunt in the film was disliked by many audiences.	neutral
265	Critics trash Homer's epic-turned-sweeps-month-stunt.	Homer's epic-turned-sweeps-month-stunt in the film was not disliked by many audiences.	neutral
266	Critics do not trash Homer's epic-turned-sweeps-month-stunt.	Homer's epic-turned-sweeps-month-stunt in the film was not disliked by many audiences.	neutral
267	He did not frown and say, "We are descending a bit too quickly."	Someone noted our altitude was decreasing faster than it should.	contradiction
268	He frowned and said, "We are descending a bit too quickly."	Someone did not note our altitude was decreasing faster than it should.	contradiction
269	He did not frown and say, "We are descending a bit too quickly."	Someone did not note our altitude was decreasing faster than it should.	neutral
270	The Project did not adopt six guiding principles.	The project adopted principles.	neutral
271	The Project adopted six guiding principles.	The project did not adopt principles.	contradiction
272	The Project did not adopt six guiding principles.	The project did not adopt principles.	neutral
273	Ca'daan did not eat but got sick.	Ca'daan felt great!	contradiction
274	Ca'daan ate but got sick.	Ca'daan did not feel great!	entailment
275	Ca'daan did not eat but got sick.	Ca'daan did not feel great!	entailment
276	A plethora of listings are not available at Lawyers.com, but the amount of information is almost overwhelming to the novice.	Lawyers are a popular listing site.	neutral
277	A plethora of listings are available at Lawyers.com, but the amount of information is almost overwhelming to the novice.	Lawyers are not a popular listing site.	neutral
278	A plethora of listings are not available at Lawyers.com, but the amount of information is almost overwhelming to the novice.	Lawyers are not a popular listing site.	neutral
279	A Diet Coke, if you will, please, Kemp did not chirp.	Kemp politely asked for a diet coke.	contradiction
280	A Diet Coke, if you will, please, Kemp chirped.	Kemp did not politely ask for a diet coke.	contradiction
281	A Diet Coke, if you will, please, Kemp did not chirp.	Kemp did not politely ask for a diet coke.	entailment
282	I will not pour it out."	I have steady hands.	neutral
283	I will pour it out."	I do not have steady hands.	neutral
284	I will not pour it out."	I do not have steady hands.	neutral
285	People like Wade Cook are not the problem.	Wade Cook and Nicholas Cage are both equally problematic.	neutral
286	People like Wade Cook are the problem.	Wade Cook and Nicholas Cage are not both equally problematic.	neutral
287	People like Wade Cook are not the problem.	Wade Cook and Nicholas Cage are not both equally problematic.	neutral
288	Do not come on, Julius.	Julius is being encouraged.	contradiction
289	Come on, Julius.	Julius is not being encouraged.	contradiction
290	Do not come on, Julius.	Julius is not being encouraged.	entailment
291	By now it was not dinnertime, and Mrs. Chatterbox and the Chatterchildren were urging Chatterbox to come home.	Chatterbox had been gone since the morning.	neutral
292	By now it was dinnertime, and Mrs. Chatterbox and the Chatterchildren were urging Chatterbox to come home.	Chatterbox had not been gone since the morning.	neutral
293	By now it was not dinnertime, and Mrs. Chatterbox and the Chatterchildren were urging Chatterbox to come home.	Chatterbox had not been gone since the morning.	neutral
294	She does not compile the emails into different messages and distributes them to lawyers in her firm, who volunteer, sometimes via email, to take the cases.	The lawyers in her firm always ignore her emails.	contradiction
295	She compiles the emails into different messages and distributes them to lawyers in her firm, who volunteer, sometimes via email, to take the cases.	The lawyers in her firm do not always ignore her emails.	entailment
296	She does not compile the emails into different messages and distributes them to lawyers in her firm, who volunteer, sometimes via email, to take the cases.	The lawyers in her firm do not always ignore her emails.	neutral
297	( Curriculum Vitae , the memoir she did not publish a few years ago, politely fends off the curious.)	The matter of fact tone of her biography is sufficient to deflect questions from those still wanting more information.	neutral
298	( Curriculum Vitae , the memoir she published a few years ago, politely fends off the curious.)	The matter of fact tone of her biography is not sufficient to deflect questions from those still wanting more information.	neutral
299	( Curriculum Vitae , the memoir she did not publish a few years ago, politely fends off the curious.)	The matter of fact tone of her biography is not sufficient to deflect questions from those still wanting more information.	neutral
300	It will be sufficient to say that in the early days of 1915 a certain document did not come into being.	The document was written by important people.	neutral
301	It will be sufficient to say that in the early days of 1915 a certain document came into being.	The document was not written by important people.	neutral
302	It will be sufficient to say that in the early days of 1915 a certain document did not come into being.	The document was not written by important people.	neutral
303	The silence did not continue for 30 seconds till she walks around the corner and disappears into a closed back corridor, followed by her legal team.	The silence continued for 30 seconds.	contradiction
304	The silence continues for 30 seconds till she walks around the corner and disappears into a closed back corridor, followed by her legal team.	The silence did not continue for 30 seconds.	contradiction
305	The silence did not continue for 30 seconds till she walks around the corner and disappears into a closed back corridor, followed by her legal team.	The silence did not continue for 30 seconds.	entailment
306	(2) does not determine the types and ranges of services, (3) sets the rate of payment for services, and (4) administers its own program.	(2) sets the rate of payment for services.	contradiction
307	(2) determines the types and ranges of services, (3) sets the rate of payment for services, and (4) administers its own program.	(2) does not set the rate of payment for services.	entailment
308	(2) does not determine the types and ranges of services, (3) sets the rate of payment for services, and (4) administers its own program.	(2) does not set the rate of payment for services.	entailment
309	Severn did not scowl at him.	Severn was so mad he hit him.	neutral
310	Severn scowled at him.	Severn was so mad he did not hit him.	neutral
311	Severn did not scowl at him.	Severn was so mad he did not hit him.	neutral
312	A Time special report does not revise the conventional wisdom about which foods are good for the heart.	A Time report gave knowledge on which foods are good for the heart.	entailment
313	A Time special report revises the conventional wisdom about which foods are good for the heart.	A Time report did not give knowledge on which foods are good for the heart.	contradiction
314	A Time special report does not revise the conventional wisdom about which foods are good for the heart.	A Time report did not give knowledge on which foods are good for the heart.	contradiction
315	He did not drown in doubt.	He was 100% confident in his thoughts.	neutral
316	He drowned in doubt.	He was not 100% confident in his thoughts.	entailment
317	He did not drown in doubt.	He was not 100% confident in his thoughts.	neutral
318	Group is not involved in joint ventures with Ford and Nynex.)	Ford refuses to have anyone help in developing one of their projects.	entailment
319	Group is involved in joint ventures with Ford and Nynex.)	Ford does not refuse to have anyone help in developing one of their projects.	entailment
320	Group is not involved in joint ventures with Ford and Nynex.)	Ford does not refuse to have anyone help in developing one of their projects.	neutral
321	The grounds, like those of any other private house after nightfall, did not seem untenanted.	The grounds were empty.	contradiction
322	The grounds, like those of any other private house after nightfall, seemed untenanted.	The grounds were not empty.	contradiction
323	The grounds, like those of any other private house after nightfall, did not seem untenanted.	The grounds were not empty.	entailment
324	Under the Clear Skies Initiative, America will not continue to have a diverse fuel mix that ensures a reliable, affordable energy supply.	The Clear Skies Initiative makes sure America relies on several types of energy.	neutral
325	Under the Clear Skies Initiative, America will continue to have a diverse fuel mix that ensures a reliable, affordable energy supply.	The Clear Skies Initiative makes sure America does not rely on several types of energy.	neutral
326	Under the Clear Skies Initiative, America will not continue to have a diverse fuel mix that ensures a reliable, affordable energy supply.	The Clear Skies Initiative makes sure America does not rely on several types of energy.	neutral
327	That much his memoir does not get right.	Everything in his memoir is correct.	contradiction
328	That much his memoir gets right.	Everything in his memoir is not correct.	contradiction
329	That much his memoir does not get right.	Everything in his memoir is not correct.	neutral
330	In reality, there has not been very little actual competition for our federal funds.	There has been stiff competition for our federal funds.	entailment
331	In reality, there has been very little actual competition for our federal funds.	There has not been stiff competition for our federal funds.	entailment
332	In reality, there has not been very little actual competition for our federal funds.	There has not been stiff competition for our federal funds.	contradiction
333	The winner is not the master of the cleverest ploys and strategems [ sic ]. Moreover, Chinese leaders are quick to find fault in others and try always to appear bold and fearless.	The winner has the smartest tricks.	contradiction
334	The winner is the master of the cleverest ploys and strategems [ sic ]. Moreover, Chinese leaders are quick to find fault in others and try always to appear bold and fearless.	The winner does not have the smartest tricks.	contradiction
335	The winner is not the master of the cleverest ploys and strategems [ sic ]. Moreover, Chinese leaders are quick to find fault in others and try always to appear bold and fearless.	The winner does not have the smartest tricks.	entailment
336	The sky is a solid sphere that does not surround Earth.	The earth is surrounded by the sky.	contradiction
337	The sky is a solid sphere that surrounds Earth.	The earth is not surrounded by the sky.	contradiction
338	The sky is a solid sphere that does not surround Earth.	The earth is not surrounded by the sky.	entailment
339	Bush has not milked this protective anguish for months.	This protective anguish was milked by Bush for months.	contradiction
340	Bush has milked this protective anguish for months.	This protective anguish was not milked by Bush for months.	contradiction
341	Bush has not milked this protective anguish for months.	This protective anguish was not milked by Bush for months.	entailment
342	Neuharth did not impose his philosophy on the newsroom.	The opinions which Neuharth pressed onto the newsroom was met with hostility.	neutral
343	Neuharth imposed his philosophy on the newsroom.	The opinions which Neuharth did not press onto the newsroom was met with hostility.	neutral
344	Neuharth did not impose his philosophy on the newsroom.	The opinions which Neuharth did not press onto the newsroom was met with hostility.	neutral
345	Soon they both did not stand, staring past the other, bodies jerkling slightly.	The two sat quietly together.	neutral
346	Soon they both stood, staring past the other, bodies jerkling slightly.	The two did not sit quietly together.	entailment
347	Soon they both did not stand, staring past the other, bodies jerkling slightly.	The two did not sit quietly together.	neutral
348	They do not involve techniques such as graphic data displays, tabulations of event frequencies, and chronological or time series orderings.	Techniques of graphic data displays, tabulations of frequencies and chronological orders are involved	contradiction
349	They involve techniques such as graphic data displays, tabulations of event frequencies, and chronological or time series orderings.	Techniques of graphic data displays, tabulations of frequencies and chronological orders are not involved	contradiction
350	They do not involve techniques such as graphic data displays, tabulations of event frequencies, and chronological or time series orderings.	Techniques of graphic data displays, tabulations of frequencies and chronological orders are not involved	entailment
351	As if confirming his fear a group of twelve men gathered and did not cross the same bridge.	The twelve men crossed a different bridge.	entailment
352	As if confirming his fear a group of twelve men gathered and crossed the same bridge.	The twelve men did not cross a different bridge.	entailment
353	As if confirming his fear a group of twelve men gathered and did not cross the same bridge.	The twelve men did not cross a different bridge.	contradiction
354	Yes, he was not retired and had the time, but he could have just as easily spent that time on the golf course.	The man was kind of annoyed he spent the day with his wife instead of on the golf course.	neutral
355	Yes, he was retired and had the time, but he could have just as easily spent that time on the golf course.	The man was not kind of annoyed he spent the day with his wife instead of on the golf course.	neutral
356	Yes, he was not retired and had the time, but he could have just as easily spent that time on the golf course.	The man was not kind of annoyed he spent the day with his wife instead of on the golf course.	neutral
357	The documents had to not be retained for specified periods and be stored under certain procedures in accordance with Title 8, Records Management, of GAO's PolicyandProceduresManual.	The documents were withheld and stored according to a manual.	contradiction
358	The documents had to be retained for specified periods and be stored under certain procedures in accordance with Title 8, Records Management, of GAO's PolicyandProceduresManual.	The documents were not withheld and stored according to a manual.	contradiction
359	The documents had to not be retained for specified periods and be stored under certain procedures in accordance with Title 8, Records Management, of GAO's PolicyandProceduresManual.	The documents were not withheld and stored according to a manual.	entailment
360	The Supreme Court did not establish the Joint Legal Services Access &amp; Funding Committee, directing it to make recommendations to the Court and the Legislature by December 31, 1995.	The Joint Legal Services Access & Funding Committee was founded before December 31, 1995.	contradiction
361	The Supreme Court established the Joint Legal Services Access &amp; Funding Committee, directing it to make recommendations to the Court and the Legislature by December 31, 1995.	The Joint Legal Services Access & Funding Committee was not founded before December 31, 1995.	contradiction
362	The Supreme Court did not establish the Joint Legal Services Access &amp; Funding Committee, directing it to make recommendations to the Court and the Legislature by December 31, 1995.	The Joint Legal Services Access & Funding Committee was not founded before December 31, 1995.	entailment
363	Besides salaries, company managers view a good working environment and awards and recognition as not essential for retaining employees.	Award, working environment, and salaries are all essential for retaining employees.	contradiction
364	Besides salaries, company managers view a good working environment and awards and recognition as essential for retaining employees.	Award, working environment, and salaries are not all essential for retaining employees.	contradiction
365	Besides salaries, company managers view a good working environment and awards and recognition as not essential for retaining employees.	Award, working environment, and salaries are not all essential for retaining employees.	entailment
366	In Massachusetts, Holyoke Mall does not encourage shoppers to buy gift certificates online with our secure ordering service.	Gift certificates are available for Holyoke Mall online.	entailment
367	In Massachusetts, Holyoke Mall encourages shoppers to buy gift certificates online with our secure ordering service.	Gift certificates are not available for Holyoke Mall online.	contradiction
368	In Massachusetts, Holyoke Mall does not encourage shoppers to buy gift certificates online with our secure ordering service.	Gift certificates are not available for Holyoke Mall online.	contradiction
369	Since May, it's not been between 50 and 60 percent.	In may, the percentage always rises	neutral
370	Since May, it's been between 50 and 60 percent.	In may, the percentage does not always rises	neutral
371	Since May, it's not been between 50 and 60 percent.	In may, the percentage does not always rises	neutral
372	She thought more research is not needed on this issue.	She thinks they need more research.	contradiction
373	She thought more research is needed on this issue.	She thinks they do not need more research.	contradiction
374	She thought more research is not needed on this issue.	She thinks they do not need more research.	entailment
375	In December 2000, LSC did not issue its third program letter on state planning.	The LSC has only ever issued one program letter since it was founded.	contradiction
376	In December 2000, LSC issued its third program letter on state planning.	The LSC has not only ever issued one program letter since it was founded.	entailment
377	In December 2000, LSC did not issue its third program letter on state planning.	The LSC has not only ever issued one program letter since it was founded.	entailment
378	Therefore, USEPA does not recommend the use of the $ 0.5 dilution factor (see Section 4, Quality Assurance).	The dilution factor used.	contradiction
379	Therefore, USEPA recommends the use of the $ 0.5 dilution factor (see Section 4, Quality Assurance).	The dilution factor was not used.	contradiction
380	Therefore, USEPA does not recommend the use of the $ 0.5 dilution factor (see Section 4, Quality Assurance).	The dilution factor was not used.	entailment
381	Adrin did not join them as they descended and headed south.	Adrin went with them.	contradiction
382	Adrin joined them as they descended and headed south.	Adrin did not go with them.	contradiction
383	Adrin did not join them as they descended and headed south.	Adrin did not go with them.	entailment
384	Case study methods, like any other method, do not offer	Case studies share similarities with other methods.	entailment
385	Case study methods, like any other method, offer	Case studies do not share similarities with other methods.	contradiction
386	Case study methods, like any other method, do not offer	Case studies do not share similarities with other methods.	contradiction
387	It did not organize the best practices into five categories related to (1) the role of the owner, (2) teamwork and collaboration, (3) advance planning, (4) process, and (5) benchmarking.	The best practices have been organized into ten categories.	neutral
388	It organized the best practices into five categories related to (1) the role of the owner, (2) teamwork and collaboration, (3) advance planning, (4) process, and (5) benchmarking.	The best practices have not been organized into ten categories.	entailment
389	It did not organize the best practices into five categories related to (1) the role of the owner, (2) teamwork and collaboration, (3) advance planning, (4) process, and (5) benchmarking.	The best practices have not been organized into ten categories.	neutral
390	The Minnesota Vikings will not host the Atlanta Falcons in one bracket.	The Vikings will play the Falcons.	contradiction
391	The Minnesota Vikings will host the Atlanta Falcons in one bracket.	The Vikings will not play the Falcons.	contradiction
392	The Minnesota Vikings will not host the Atlanta Falcons in one bracket.	The Vikings will not play the Falcons.	entailment
393	At this juncture in his thoughts a taxi with flag erect did not turn the corner of the street ahead.	The taxi had its flag down.	contradiction
394	At this juncture in his thoughts a taxi with flag erect turned the corner of the street ahead.	The taxi did not have its flag down.	entailment
395	At this juncture in his thoughts a taxi with flag erect did not turn the corner of the street ahead.	The taxi did not have its flag down.	entailment
396	There had not come the sound of the bell below.	Below a bell sounded from somewhere.	contradiction
397	There had come the sound of the bell below.	Below a bell did not sound from somewhere.	contradiction
398	There had not come the sound of the bell below.	Below a bell did not sound from somewhere.	entailment
399	Either way, it's a plan that does not make sense.	That plan makes sense.	contradiction
400	Either way, it's a plan that makes sense.	That plan does not make sense.	contradiction
401	Either way, it's a plan that does not make sense.	That plan does not make sense.	entailment
402	Time does not dust off the NATO Commander General.	Time cleans off the NATO Commander General.	contradiction
403	Time dusts off the NATO Commander General.	Time does not clean off the NATO Commander General.	contradiction
404	Time does not dust off the NATO Commander General.	Time does not clean off the NATO Commander General.	entailment
405	Higher payroll taxes may not depress personal saving to the extent that households have less disposable income to save.	An increase in disposable income to save will result from these higher payroll taxes.	entailment
406	Higher payroll taxes may depress personal saving to the extent that households have less disposable income to save.	An increase in disposable income to save will not result from these higher payroll taxes.	entailment
407	Higher payroll taxes may not depress personal saving to the extent that households have less disposable income to save.	An increase in disposable income to save will not result from these higher payroll taxes.	contradiction
408	SCALIA, J., did not file a dissenting opinion in which REHNQUIST, C. J., and O'CONNOR and THOMAS, JJ.	A dissenting opinion was filed by Scalia.	contradiction
409	SCALIA, J., filed a dissenting opinion in which REHNQUIST, C. J., and O'CONNOR and THOMAS, JJ.	A dissenting opinion was not filed by Scalia.	contradiction
410	SCALIA, J., did not file a dissenting opinion in which REHNQUIST, C. J., and O'CONNOR and THOMAS, JJ.	A dissenting opinion was not filed by Scalia.	entailment
411	The armoured men did not part, and someone else steps up.	The armoured men stayed grouped together.	entailment
412	The armoured men part, and someone else steps up.	The armoured men did not stay grouped together.	entailment
413	The armoured men did not part, and someone else steps up.	The armoured men did not stay grouped together.	contradiction
414	Scientific gentleman, he was not.	He was very scientific in how he approached research.	neutral
415	Scientific gentleman, he was.	He was not very scientific in how he approached research.	neutral
416	Scientific gentleman, he was not.	He was not very scientific in how he approached research.	neutral
417	It does not elevate the critic and diminishes the artist.	The artist and the critic are both presented under the same fair light.	entailment
418	It elevates the critic and diminishes the artist.	The artist and the critic are not both presented under the same fair light.	entailment
419	It does not elevate the critic and diminishes the artist.	The artist and the critic are not both presented under the same fair light.	contradiction
420	The most glaring problem was the contractual relationship that existed requiring an employee to not work for one employer.	Employees could work for whoever they want.	neutral
421	The most glaring problem was the contractual relationship that existed requiring an employee to work for one employer.	Employees could not work for whoever they want.	entailment
422	The most glaring problem was the contractual relationship that existed requiring an employee to not work for one employer.	Employees could not work for whoever they want.	neutral
423	He had not been surrounded by the decapitated, disemboweled, and dismembered bodies of a dozen Sticks.	There were lots of dead Sticks.	entailment
424	He had been surrounded by the decapitated, disemboweled, and dismembered bodies of a dozen Sticks.	There were not lots of dead Sticks.	contradiction
425	He had not been surrounded by the decapitated, disemboweled, and dismembered bodies of a dozen Sticks.	There were not lots of dead Sticks.	contradiction
426	I did not fall in with her views.	The person agreed with her views.	contradiction
427	I fell in with her views.	The person did not agree with her views.	contradiction
428	I did not fall in with her views.	The person did not agree with her views.	entailment
429	For example, a couple could not contribute up to $2,000 annually.	For a middle class couple $2,000 a year might cause them to struggle.	neutral
430	For example, a couple could contribute up to $2,000 annually.	For a middle class couple $2,000 a year might not cause them to struggle.	neutral
431	For example, a couple could not contribute up to $2,000 annually.	For a middle class couple $2,000 a year might not cause them to struggle.	neutral
432	It did not shock him out of his stunned gaze.	He was startled by a large flock of birds.	neutral
433	It shocked him out of his stunned gaze.	He was not startled by a large flock of birds.	neutral
434	It did not shock him out of his stunned gaze.	He was not startled by a large flock of birds.	neutral
435	Both final rules not were issued by the SEC pursuant to the authority of sections 5, 7, 8, 10, and 19(a) of the Securities Act (15 U.S.C.	The SEC issued final rules for the Securities Act.	contradiction
436	Both final rules were issued by the SEC pursuant to the authority of sections 5, 7, 8, 10, and 19(a) of the Securities Act (15 U.S.C.	The SEC did not issue final rules for the Securities Act.	contradiction
437	Both final rules not were issued by the SEC pursuant to the authority of sections 5, 7, 8, 10, and 19(a) of the Securities Act (15 U.S.C.	The SEC did not issue final rules for the Securities Act.	entailment
438	The global expansion of information technology has not resulted in significant new information security and privacy threats to our information networks and technology infrastructure.	The advancement of technology has led to more secure networks	entailment
439	The global expansion of information technology has resulted in significant new information security and privacy threats to our information networks and technology infrastructure.	The advancement of technology has not led to more secure networks	entailment
440	The global expansion of information technology has not resulted in significant new information security and privacy threats to our information networks and technology infrastructure.	The advancement of technology has not led to more secure networks	contradiction
441	Not walking through a bad neighbourhood at a bad time of night, I lost myself in daydreams of Presidents past.	I was walking through a bad neighbourhood at a bad time of night.	contradiction
442	Walking through a bad neighbourhood at a bad time of night, I lost myself in daydreams of Presidents past.	I was not walking through a bad neighbourhood at a bad time of night.	contradiction
443	Not walking through a bad neighbourhood at a bad time of night, I lost myself in daydreams of Presidents past.	I was not walking through a bad neighbourhood at a bad time of night.	entailment
444	It has not been most demoralizing, a British emissary to a U.S. company wrote his bosses in the late 1890s.	The emissary wrote about how demoralizing it was.	contradiction
445	It has been most demoralizing, a British emissary to a U.S. company wrote his bosses in the late 1890s.	The emissary did not write about how demoralizing it was.	contradiction
446	It has not been most demoralizing, a British emissary to a U.S. company wrote his bosses in the late 1890s.	The emissary did not write about how demoralizing it was.	entailment
447	All of you, do not back off!' White bellowed.	White yelled for them all to back off.	contradiction
448	All of you, back off!' White bellowed.	White yelled for them all to not back off.	contradiction
449	All of you, do not back off!' White bellowed.	White yelled for them all to not back off.	entailment
450	From somewhere below, there was not a hiss and a slurp.	The snake was hissing underneath the deck.	neutral
451	From somewhere below, there was a hiss and a slurp.	The snake was not hissing underneath the deck.	neutral
452	From somewhere below, there was not a hiss and a slurp.	The snake was not hissing underneath the deck.	neutral
453	Does not feature a device called a gristle gun.	A gristle gun is featured.	contradiction
454	Features a device called a gristle gun.	A gristle gun is not featured.	contradiction
455	Does not feature a device called a gristle gun.	A gristle gun is not featured.	entailment
456	Looking at the matter psychologically, I drew one deduction which I was not convinced was correct.	I knew I could find the evidence to the deduction I made.	neutral
457	Looking at the matter psychologically, I drew one deduction which I was convinced was correct.	I knew I could not find the evidence to the deduction I made.	neutral
458	Looking at the matter psychologically, I drew one deduction which I was not convinced was correct.	I knew I could not find the evidence to the deduction I made.	neutral
459	demonstration to production is not a basis for DOD's decision to invest in production.	DOD believes that investing in production is a smart move.	neutral
460	demonstration to production is a basis for DOD's decision to invest in production.	DOD believes that investing in production is not a smart move.	neutral
461	demonstration to production is not a basis for DOD's decision to invest in production.	DOD believes that investing in production is not a smart move.	neutral
462	Some states have established insurance-buying groups that employers cannot join.	Employers can join state established insurance-buying groups.	contradiction
463	Some states have established insurance-buying groups that employers can join.	Employers cannot join state established insurance-buying groups.	contradiction
464	Some states have established insurance-buying groups that employers cannot join.	Employers cannot join state established insurance-buying groups.	entailment
465	Sure they are not,' Derry shrugged.	Derry thought they were.	contradiction
466	Sure they are,' Derry shrugged.	Derry thought they were not.	contradiction
467	Sure they are not,' Derry shrugged.	Derry thought they were not.	entailment
468	Only the sun and the planets do not move through the sky.	There are five different planets orbiting the sun.	neutral
469	Only the sun and the planets move through the sky.	There are not five different planets orbiting the sun.	neutral
470	Only the sun and the planets do not move through the sky.	There are not five different planets orbiting the sun.	neutral
471	Such simulations can not help policymakers assess the long-term consequences of fiscal policy and saving choices made today.	The policymakers used the simulations to help with their decision making.	contradiction
472	Such simulations can help policymakers assess the long-term consequences of fiscal policy and saving choices made today.	The policymakers did not use the simulations to help with their decision making.	contradiction
473	Such simulations can not help policymakers assess the long-term consequences of fiscal policy and saving choices made today.	The policymakers did not use the simulations to help with their decision making.	entailment
474	Today, the region is not served by three LSC-funded providers--California Rural Legal Assistance (CRLA), Central California Legal Services (CCLS) and Greater Bakersfield Legal Assistance (GBLA).	The region has three main businesses that provide legal services.	contradiction
475	Today, the region is served by three LSC-funded providers--California Rural Legal Assistance (CRLA), Central California Legal Services (CCLS) and Greater Bakersfield Legal Assistance (GBLA).	The region does not have three main businesses that provide legal services.	contradiction
476	Today, the region is not served by three LSC-funded providers--California Rural Legal Assistance (CRLA), Central California Legal Services (CCLS) and Greater Bakersfield Legal Assistance (GBLA).	The region does not have three main businesses that provide legal services.	entailment
477	If he can transport the mail for less than the discount, he will not choose to do so.	He will always choose the most expensive mail transport option available.	neutral
478	If he can transport the mail for less than the discount, he will choose to do so.	He will always not choose the most expensive mail transport option available.	entailment
479	If he can transport the mail for less than the discount, he will not choose to do so.	He will always not choose the most expensive mail transport option available.	neutral
480	Johnny sure does not take it hard bein' on th' losin' side turned him dirt mean.	Johnny took that hard.	contradiction
481	Johnny sure takes it hard bein' on th' losin' side turned him dirt mean.	Johnny does not take that hard.	contradiction
482	Johnny sure does not take it hard bein' on th' losin' side turned him dirt mean.	Johnny does not take that hard.	entailment
483	Novak does not attack the president for his tactics of delay.	Novak was angry with the president for his delayed tactics.	neutral
484	Novak attacks the president for his tactics of delay.	Novak was not angry with the president for his delayed tactics.	contradiction
485	Novak does not attack the president for his tactics of delay.	Novak was not angry with the president for his delayed tactics.	neutral
486	That's hardly surprising when one considers how little time companies take before not agreeing to merge.	Merging companies can be very stressufl.	neutral
487	That's hardly surprising when one considers how little time companies take before agreeing to merge.	Merging companies can not be very stressufl.	contradiction
488	That's hardly surprising when one considers how little time companies take before not agreeing to merge.	Merging companies can not be very stressufl.	neutral
489	They conclude that, under some circumstances, saving should actually not decline slightly in response to population aging.	They conclude that savings rates will go up in the coming years.	neutral
490	They conclude that, under some circumstances, saving should actually decline slightly in response to population aging.	They conclude that savings rates will not go up in the coming years.	entailment
491	They conclude that, under some circumstances, saving should actually not decline slightly in response to population aging.	They conclude that savings rates will not go up in the coming years.	neutral
492	I did not smile to cover my anxiety.	To mask my anxiety, I let out a smile.	contradiction
493	I smiled to cover my anxiety.	To mask my anxiety, I did not let out a smile.	contradiction
494	I did not smile to cover my anxiety.	To mask my anxiety, I did not let out a smile.	entailment
495	Lines 5 through 8 do not show the effect of changing the method of payment for the exchange of LC/AO mail between the U.S. and all other FPAs.	The method of payment for the exchange of LC/AO mail changed from local offices to online banking.	neutral
496	Lines 5 through 8 show the effect of changing the method of payment for the exchange of LC/AO mail between the U.S. and all other FPAs.	The method of payment for the exchange of LC/AO mail did not change from local offices to online banking.	neutral
497	Lines 5 through 8 do not show the effect of changing the method of payment for the exchange of LC/AO mail between the U.S. and all other FPAs.	The method of payment for the exchange of LC/AO mail did not change from local offices to online banking.	neutral
498	Fetuses are not particularly vulnerable to methylmercury because of their rapidly developing nervous systems.	The fetuses are most vulnerable to the methylmercury.	contradiction
499	Fetuses are particularly vulnerable to methylmercury because of their rapidly developing nervous systems.	The fetuses are not most vulnerable to the methylmercury.	contradiction
500	Fetuses are not particularly vulnerable to methylmercury because of their rapidly developing nervous systems.	The fetuses are not most vulnerable to the methylmercury.	entailment
501	Referencing is not a process in which statements of facts, figures, and dates are traced back to the supporting working papers by an experienced auditor who is independent of the audit.	Referencing is tracing back the fact to the original authors.	contradiction
502	Referencing is a process in which statements of facts, figures, and dates are traced back to the supporting working papers by an experienced auditor who is independent of the audit.	Referencing is not tracing back the fact to the original authors.	contradiction
503	Referencing is not a process in which statements of facts, figures, and dates are traced back to the supporting working papers by an experienced auditor who is independent of the audit.	Referencing is not tracing back the fact to the original authors.	entailment
504	In order to achieve these budgetary reductions, GAO staff was not reduced by 39 percent.	GAO increased their staff due to budgetary reductions.	neutral
505	In order to achieve these budgetary reductions, GAO staff was reduced by 39 percent.	GAO did not increase their staff due to budgetary reductions.	entailment
506	In order to achieve these budgetary reductions, GAO staff was not reduced by 39 percent.	GAO did not increase their staff due to budgetary reductions.	neutral
507	Your query does not involve some interesting concepts.	Your question consists of interesting thoughts.	contradiction
508	Your query involves some interesting concepts.	Your question does not consist of interesting thoughts.	contradiction
509	Your query does not involve some interesting concepts.	Your question does not consist of interesting thoughts.	entailment
510	Adding personnel late in a project can actually not cause further slippage.	Further slippage can be caused by adding personnel late in a project.	contradiction
511	Adding personnel late in a project can actually cause further slippage.	Further slippage can be not caused by adding personnel late in a project.	contradiction
512	Adding personnel late in a project can actually not cause further slippage.	Further slippage can be not caused by adding personnel late in a project.	entailment
513	He clutched it in his hand and touched it against the orrery, trying to not remember the formula for the giving of a true name.	Because it had been over 100 years since he'd used it, he had a hard time remembering the formula.	neutral
514	He clutched it in his hand and touched it against the orrery, trying to remember the formula for the giving of a true name.	Because it had been over 100 years since he'd used it, he did not have a hard time remembering the formula.	neutral
515	He clutched it in his hand and touched it against the orrery, trying to not remember the formula for the giving of a true name.	Because it had been over 100 years since he'd used it, he did not have a hard time remembering the formula.	neutral
516	He has not been serving as Vice Chair of the Board since 1997.	He was dismissed as the Board's Vice Chair after less than a year in the position.	neutral
517	He has been serving as Vice Chair of the Board since 1997.	He was not dismissed as the Board's Vice Chair after less than a year in the position.	entailment
518	He has not been serving as Vice Chair of the Board since 1997.	He was not dismissed as the Board's Vice Chair after less than a year in the position.	neutral
519	The corresponding amount for inbound mail was not a negative $31 million.	Inbound mail was a corresponding amount of negative $31 million.	contradiction
520	The corresponding amount for inbound mail was a negative $31 million.	Inbound mail was not a corresponding amount of negative $31 million.	contradiction
521	The corresponding amount for inbound mail was not a negative $31 million.	Inbound mail was not a corresponding amount of negative $31 million.	entailment
522	Most young women were not terrified of the "old bear," as they termed him.	Young women used to be terrified of the "old bear".	contradiction
523	Most young women were terrified of the "old bear," as they termed him.	Young women used to not be terrified of the "old bear".	contradiction
524	Most young women were not terrified of the "old bear," as they termed him.	Young women used to not be terrified of the "old bear".	entailment
525	On the bright side, the Journal reports that Twinkies are not making a comeback.	Twinkies are making a comeback, as reported by the Journal.	contradiction
526	On the bright side, the Journal reports that Twinkies are making a comeback.	Twinkies are not making a comeback, as reported by the Journal.	contradiction
527	On the bright side, the Journal reports that Twinkies are not making a comeback.	Twinkies are not making a comeback, as reported by the Journal.	entailment
528	Blood does not spill.'	He was cut with a knife.	contradiction
529	Blood spills.'	He was not cut with a knife.	neutral
530	Blood does not spill.'	He was not cut with a knife.	neutral
531	Three are not on trial for murder, and a vegan Straight Edger just finished probation for firebombing a McDonald's.	Three people are on trial for murder.	contradiction
532	Three are on trial for murder, and a vegan Straight Edger just finished probation for firebombing a McDonald's.	Three people are not on trial for murder.	contradiction
533	Three are not on trial for murder, and a vegan Straight Edger just finished probation for firebombing a McDonald's.	Three people are not on trial for murder.	entailment
534	Homeland  New Department Could Improve Coordination But May not Complicate Public Health Priority Setting ( GAO-02-883T, June 25,2002).	Homeland's new department makes public health priority setting much easier.	neutral
535	Homeland  New Department Could Improve Coordination But May Complicate Public Health Priority Setting ( GAO-02-883T, June 25,2002).	Homeland's new department does not make public health priority setting much easier.	entailment
536	Homeland  New Department Could Improve Coordination But May not Complicate Public Health Priority Setting ( GAO-02-883T, June 25,2002).	Homeland's new department does not make public health priority setting much easier.	neutral
537	The Corp had ten million tiny little versions of me, packaged and not ready to sell- all they needed as an excuse to put them on the shelf.	The little versions of me would need substantial work before being able to be sold.	neutral
538	The Corp had ten million tiny little versions of me, packaged and ready to sell- all they needed as an excuse to put them on the shelf.	The little versions of me would not need substantial work before being able to be sold.	entailment
539	The Corp had ten million tiny little versions of me, packaged and not ready to sell- all they needed as an excuse to put them on the shelf.	The little versions of me would not need substantial work before being able to be sold.	neutral
540	He seemed older and more shriveled, and there was a querulous, pinched expression in place of the firmness and almost nobility Dave had not come to expect.	Dave saw petulance in place of the stoicism he expected.	contradiction
541	He seemed older and more shriveled, and there was a querulous, pinched expression in place of the firmness and almost nobility Dave had come to expect.	Dave saw petulance in place of the stoicism he did not expect.	contradiction
542	He seemed older and more shriveled, and there was a querulous, pinched expression in place of the firmness and almost nobility Dave had not come to expect.	Dave saw petulance in place of the stoicism he did not expect.	entailment
543	Although acceptance by the program offices has not sometimes been slow, according to a recent survey of federal CFOs,4 program directors are starting to look to the finance organization for help.	Acceptance by the program offices were very slow.	contradiction
544	Although acceptance by the program offices has sometimes been slow, according to a recent survey of federal CFOs,4 program directors are starting to look to the finance organization for help.	Acceptance by the program offices were not very slow.	contradiction
545	Although acceptance by the program offices has not sometimes been slow, according to a recent survey of federal CFOs,4 program directors are starting to look to the finance organization for help.	Acceptance by the program offices were not very slow.	entailment
546	It not was thin and sharp with a wire-wrapped hilt and a weighted spike on the tip of the hilt.	It was made of glass, and a useless weapon.	neutral
547	It was thin and sharp with a wire-wrapped hilt and a weighted spike on the tip of the hilt.	It not was made of glass, and a useless weapon.	entailment
548	It not was thin and sharp with a wire-wrapped hilt and a weighted spike on the tip of the hilt.	It not was made of glass, and a useless weapon.	neutral
549	White did not raise a brow.	His face remained motionless.	neutral
550	White raised a brow.	His face did not remain motionless.	entailment
551	White did not raise a brow.	His face did not remain motionless.	neutral
552	Most obviously, there is not the proliferation of specialty shops for fountain pens and handmade paper.	I feel that there is a proliferation of fountain pen specialty shops, but it is only a vague theory.	neutral
553	Most obviously, there is the proliferation of specialty shops for fountain pens and handmade paper.	I feel that there is not a proliferation of fountain pen specialty shops, but it is only a vague theory.	neutral
554	Most obviously, there is not the proliferation of specialty shops for fountain pens and handmade paper.	I feel that there is not a proliferation of fountain pen specialty shops, but it is only a vague theory.	contradiction
555	If there's one person (using drugs), that is not a start, said Robertson, 52, a native of Jamaica.	Robertson is a native of Jamaica and is 52 years old.	entailment
556	If there's one person (using drugs), that is a start, said Robertson, 52, a native of Jamaica.	Robertson is not a native of Jamaica and is 52 years old.	contradiction
557	If there's one person (using drugs), that is not a start, said Robertson, 52, a native of Jamaica.	Robertson is not a native of Jamaica and is 52 years old.	contradiction
558	Tuppence did not bend lower still.	Tuppence stood up.	neutral
559	Tuppence bent lower still.	Tuppence did not stand up.	entailment
560	Tuppence did not bend lower still.	Tuppence did not stand up.	neutral
561	They may not prevent you from associating with the senator at an exclusive cocktail party for lobbyists and other large givers--but that's the whole idea.	Their whole agenda is to prevent you from engaging with other relevant circles.	contradiction
562	They may prevent you from associating with the senator at an exclusive cocktail party for lobbyists and other large givers--but that's the whole idea.	Their whole agenda is to not prevent you from engaging with other relevant circles.	contradiction
563	They may not prevent you from associating with the senator at an exclusive cocktail party for lobbyists and other large givers--but that's the whole idea.	Their whole agenda is to not prevent you from engaging with other relevant circles.	entailment
564	Because the published recommendations will include supporting text, he did not encourage the group to consider any points of clarification that would be instructive.	The group was told to keep points of clarification to themselves.	entailment
565	Because the published recommendations will include supporting text, he encouraged the group to consider any points of clarification that would be instructive.	The group was told to not keep points of clarification to themselves.	entailment
566	Because the published recommendations will include supporting text, he did not encourage the group to consider any points of clarification that would be instructive.	The group was told to not keep points of clarification to themselves.	contradiction
567	The SEC prepared an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis (IRFA) in connection with the proposed rule, which was not summarized in the notice of proposed rulemaking (61 Fed.	The analysis was conducted by professionals in the field.	neutral
568	The SEC prepared an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis (IRFA) in connection with the proposed rule, which was summarized in the notice of proposed rulemaking (61 Fed.	The analysis was not conducted by professionals in the field.	neutral
569	The SEC prepared an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis (IRFA) in connection with the proposed rule, which was not summarized in the notice of proposed rulemaking (61 Fed.	The analysis was not conducted by professionals in the field.	neutral
570	Leading organizations do not recognize the role of IT in supporting mission accomplishment and seek to integrate it with business operations.	The role of IT is recognized by leading organizations, and that is why it is growing more and more.	contradiction
571	Leading organizations recognize the role of IT in supporting mission accomplishment and seek to integrate it with business operations.	The role of IT is not recognized by leading organizations, and that is why it is growing more and more.	contradiction
572	Leading organizations do not recognize the role of IT in supporting mission accomplishment and seek to integrate it with business operations.	The role of IT is not recognized by leading organizations, and that is why it is growing more and more.	neutral
573	Monti did not believe that a decision to screen only for patients with severe alcohol problems is premature.	Monti was drunk when he made this determination.	neutral
574	Monti believed that a decision to screen only for patients with severe alcohol problems is premature.	Monti was not drunk when he made this determination.	neutral
575	Monti did not believe that a decision to screen only for patients with severe alcohol problems is premature.	Monti was not drunk when he made this determination.	neutral
576	The doggie did not deposit several droplets of precious liquid from his tiny, pure-breed bladder into the puddle.	The dog defecated in the puddle.	neutral
577	The doggie deposited several droplets of precious liquid from his tiny, pure-breed bladder into the puddle.	The dog did not defecate in the puddle.	entailment
578	The doggie did not deposit several droplets of precious liquid from his tiny, pure-breed bladder into the puddle.	The dog did not defecate in the puddle.	neutral
579	The team now does not faces China, which crushed defending champion Norway 5-0.	The team is now going to play China.	contradiction
580	The team now faces China, which crushed defending champion Norway 5-0.	The team is now going to not play China.	contradiction
581	The team now does not faces China, which crushed defending champion Norway 5-0.	The team is now going to not play China.	entailment
582	Poirot did not bundle everything out on the floor with scant ceremony.	Poirot valued everything that he laid around on the floor.	neutral
583	Poirot bundled everything out on the floor with scant ceremony.	Poirot did not value everything that he laid around on the floor.	neutral
584	Poirot did not bundle everything out on the floor with scant ceremony.	Poirot did not value everything that he laid around on the floor.	neutral
585	Once auction did not invoke the incomprehensible high-speed chatter of a tobacco dealer, building to the giddy crescendo, Sold American!	The item sold at auction was a 1915 recreation of a portrait of George Washington.	neutral
586	Once auction invoked the incomprehensible high-speed chatter of a tobacco dealer, building to the giddy crescendo, Sold American!	The item sold at auction was not a 1915 recreation of a portrait of George Washington.	neutral
587	Once auction did not invoke the incomprehensible high-speed chatter of a tobacco dealer, building to the giddy crescendo, Sold American!	The item sold at auction was not a 1915 recreation of a portrait of George Washington.	neutral
588	He does not call for bold liberal reforms.	He calls for bold republican reforms.	neutral
589	He calls for bold liberal reforms.	He does not call for bold republican reforms.	entailment
590	He does not call for bold liberal reforms.	He does not call for bold republican reforms.	neutral
591	An evil drill sergeant did not wake up in Edward.	The drill sergeant woke up.	contradiction
592	An evil drill sergeant woke up in Edward.	The drill sergeant did not wake up.	contradiction
593	An evil drill sergeant did not wake up in Edward.	The drill sergeant did not wake up.	entailment
594	The marauders, drunk on victory, did not cut at them with sharp knives.	The marauders were defeated.	contradiction
595	The marauders, drunk on victory, cut at them with sharp knives.	The marauders were not defeated.	entailment
596	The marauders, drunk on victory, did not cut at them with sharp knives.	The marauders were not defeated.	entailment
597	Physicians will not unionize against managed care.	Doctors are embracing managed care with open arms.	neutral
598	Physicians will unionize against managed care.	Doctors are not embracing managed care with open arms.	entailment
599	Physicians will not unionize against managed care.	Doctors are not embracing managed care with open arms.	neutral
600	Conceptually cream skimming does not have two basic dimensions - product and geography.	Product and geography are what make cream skimming work.	contradiction
601	Conceptually cream skimming has two basic dimensions - product and geography.	Product and geography are not what make cream skimming work.	contradiction
602	Conceptually cream skimming does not have two basic dimensions - product and geography.	Product and geography are not what make cream skimming work.	entailment
603	One of our number will not carry out your instructions minutely.	A member of my team will execute your orders with immense precision.	contradiction
604	One of our number will carry out your instructions minutely.	A member of my team will not execute your orders with immense precision.	contradiction
605	One of our number will not carry out your instructions minutely.	A member of my team will not execute your orders with immense precision.	entailment
606	(Do not read for Slate's take on Jackson's findings.)	Slate had an opinion on Jackson's findings.	neutral
607	(Read  for Slate's take on Jackson's findings.)	Slate did not have an opinion on Jackson's findings.	contradiction
608	(Do not read for Slate's take on Jackson's findings.)	Slate did not have an opinion on Jackson's findings.	neutral
609	I did not burst through a set of cabin doors, and did not fall to the ground-	I burst through the doors and fell down.	contradiction
610	I burst through a set of cabin doors, and fell to the ground-	I did not burst through the doors and fall down.	contradiction
611	I did not burst through a set of cabin doors, and did not fall to the ground-	I did not burst through the doors and fall down.	entailment
612	He did not turn and smil at Vrenna.	He smiled at Vrenna who was walking slowly behind him with her mother.	contradiction
613	He turned and smiled at Vrenna.	He did not smile at Vrenna who was walking slowly behind him with her mother.	contradiction
614	He did not turn and smil at Vrenna.	He did not smile at Vrenna who was walking slowly behind him with her mother.	neutral
615	We did not seek to identify practices that were commonly implemented by the agencies within the past 5 years.	We want to identify practices commonly used by agencies in the last 5 years	contradiction
616	We sought to identify practices that were commonly implemented by the agencies within the past 5 years.	We did not want to identify practices commonly used by agencies in the last 5 years	contradiction
617	We did not seek to identify practices that were commonly implemented by the agencies within the past 5 years.	We did not want to identify practices commonly used by agencies in the last 5 years	entailment
618	The other men did not shuffle.	The other men were shuffled around.	contradiction
619	The other men shuffled.	The other men were not shuffled around.	contradiction
620	The other men did not shuffle.	The other men were not shuffled around.	entailment
621	He did not start slowly back to the bunkhouse.	He returned slowly to the bunkhouse.	contradiction
622	He started slowly back to the bunkhouse.	He did not return slowly to the bunkhouse.	contradiction
623	He did not start slowly back to the bunkhouse.	He did not return slowly to the bunkhouse.	entailment
624	Postal Service were not going to reduce delivery frequency.	The postal service could deliver less frequently.	contradiction
625	Postal Service were to reduce delivery frequency.	The postal service could not deliver less frequently.	contradiction
626	Postal Service were not going to reduce delivery frequency.	The postal service could not deliver less frequently.	entailment
627	The rule does not contain information collection requirements which will allow EPA to determine that detergent additives which are effective in controlling deposits are used and that emission control goals are realized.	The rule has data collection requirements which aid the EPA to realize their emission control goals.	contradiction
628	The rule contains information collection requirements which will allow EPA to determine that detergent additives which are effective in controlling deposits are used and that emission control goals are realized.	The rule does not have data collection requirements which aid the EPA to realize their emission control goals.	contradiction
629	The rule does not contain information collection requirements which will allow EPA to determine that detergent additives which are effective in controlling deposits are used and that emission control goals are realized.	The rule does not have data collection requirements which aid the EPA to realize their emission control goals.	entailment
630	Poirot, I exclaimed, with relief, and seizing him by both hands, I did not drag him into the room.	Poirot was now back and I was sorry that he would take over what I now considered my own investigation.	contradiction
631	Poirot, I exclaimed, with relief, and seizing him by both hands, I dragged him into the room.	Poirot was not now back and I was sorry that he would take over what I now considered my own investigation.	contradiction
632	Poirot, I exclaimed, with relief, and seizing him by both hands, I did not drag him into the room.	Poirot was not now back and I was sorry that he would take over what I now considered my own investigation.	contradiction
633	These organizations do not invest the time and effort to understand their processes and how those processes contribute to or hamper mission accomplishment.	These organizations invest lots of time to understand how some processes can contribute to or haampe	contradiction
634	These organizations invest the time and effort to understand their processes and how those processes contribute to or hamper mission accomplishment.	These organizations do not invest lots of time to understand how some processes can contribute to or haampe	contradiction
635	These organizations do not invest the time and effort to understand their processes and how those processes contribute to or hamper mission accomplishment.	These organizations do not invest lots of time to understand how some processes can contribute to or haampe	entailment
636	You do not have access to the facts.	The facts are accessible to you.	contradiction
637	You have access to the facts.	The facts are not accessible to you.	contradiction
638	You do not have access to the facts.	The facts are not accessible to you.	entailment
639	Because it does not play on my childhood imagination.	The art plays on my young imagination.	contradiction
640	Because it plays on my childhood imagination.	The art does not play on my young imagination.	contradiction
641	Because it does not play on my childhood imagination.	The art does not play on my young imagination.	neutral
642	Do not consider the United States Postal Service.	Forget the United States Postal Service.	entailment
643	Consider the United States Postal Service.	Do not forget the United States Postal Service.	entailment
644	Do not consider the United States Postal Service.	Do not forget the United States Postal Service.	contradiction
645	Do not take a remarkable statistic that Shesol cites but lets pass relatively unexamined.	They had data that was very relevant but under used.	neutral
646	Take a remarkable statistic that Shesol cites but lets pass relatively unexamined.	They did not have data that was very relevant but under used.	contradiction
647	Do not take a remarkable statistic that Shesol cites but lets pass relatively unexamined.	They did not have data that was very relevant but under used.	neutral
648	It might not have seemed like manna from heaven - up to thousands of dollars dropping, often unexpectedly, into the hands of a half-million Kentucky and Indiana residents this month.	A recent law proposed by congress has resulted in the seizure of thousands of dollars from Kentucky residents.	contradiction
649	It might have seemed like manna from heaven - up to thousands of dollars dropping, often unexpectedly, into the hands of a half-million Kentucky and Indiana residents this month.	A recent law not proposed by congress has resulted in the seizure of thousands of dollars from Kentucky residents.	contradiction
650	It might not have seemed like manna from heaven - up to thousands of dollars dropping, often unexpectedly, into the hands of a half-million Kentucky and Indiana residents this month.	A recent law not proposed by congress has resulted in the seizure of thousands of dollars from Kentucky residents.	contradiction
651	Do not get individuals to invest their time and the funding will follow.	If individuals will invest their time, funding will come along, too.	contradiction
652	Get individuals to invest their time and the funding will follow.	If individuals will not invest their time, funding will come along, too.	contradiction
653	Do not get individuals to invest their time and the funding will follow.	If individuals will not invest their time, funding will come along, too.	entailment
654	Mrs. Cavendish is not in her mother-in-law's room.	Mrs. Cavendish has left the building.	neutral
655	Mrs. Cavendish is in her mother-in-law's room.	Mrs. Cavendish has not left the building.	neutral
656	Mrs. Cavendish is not in her mother-in-law's room.	Mrs. Cavendish has not left the building.	neutral
657	But I did not think you'd sworn off coffee.	I thought that you vowed to drink more coffee.	neutral
658	But I thought you'd sworn off coffee.	I did not think that you vowed to drink more coffee.	entailment
659	But I did not think you'd sworn off coffee.	I did not think that you vowed to drink more coffee.	neutral
660	We did not stink all the time.	We always stink.	contradiction
661	We stink all the time.	We always do not stink.	contradiction
662	We did not stink all the time.	We always do not stink.	neutral
663	In an increasingly interdependent world, many pressing problems that affect Americans can not be addressed only through cooperation with other countries.	We should be independent and stay away from talking and working with other nations.	neutral
664	In an increasingly interdependent world, many pressing problems that affect Americans can be addressed only through cooperation with other countries.	We should not be independent and stay away from talking and working with other nations.	entailment
665	In an increasingly interdependent world, many pressing problems that affect Americans can not be addressed only through cooperation with other countries.	We should not be independent and stay away from talking and working with other nations.	contradiction
666	Ca'daan did not continue.	Ca'daan refused to stop.	contradiction
667	Ca'daan continued.	Ca'daan did not refuse to stop.	contradiction
668	Ca'daan did not continue.	Ca'daan did not refuse to stop.	entailment
669	Each of the men did not wear leather armor and dressed in the style of heavy riders.	The men were naked.	contradiction
670	Each of the men wore leather armor and dressed in the style of heavy riders.	The men were not naked.	entailment
671	Each of the men did not wear leather armor and dressed in the style of heavy riders.	The men were not naked.	entailment
672	The man should not have died instantly.	The man was perfectly fine.	neutral
673	The man should have died instantly.	The man was not perfectly fine.	entailment
674	The man should not have died instantly.	The man was not perfectly fine.	neutral
675	Clark also did not express the hope that he and Redgrave could continue with their marriage.	Clark hoped that he could continue their marriage.	contradiction
676	Clark also expressed the hope that he and Redgrave could continue with their marriage.	Clark hoped that he could not continue their marriage.	contradiction
677	Clark also did not express the hope that he and Redgrave could continue with their marriage.	Clark hoped that he could not continue their marriage.	neutral
678	Also, compensation committees do not need to understand the implications of compensation to provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves.	The implications of compensation to provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves should always be ignored by compensation committees.	entailment
679	Also, compensation committees need to understand the implications of compensation to provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves.	The implications of compensation to not provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves should always be ignored by compensation committees.	contradiction
680	Also, compensation committees do not need to understand the implications of compensation to provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves.	The implications of compensation to not provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves should always be ignored by compensation committees.	entailment
681	Thursday's judge, the Honorable Charles Adams of the Coconino County Superior Court, did not agree, but highly discouraged self-representation.	Self-representation was encouraged by the Honorable Charles Adams.	contradiction
682	Thursday's judge, the Honorable Charles Adams of the Coconino County Superior Court, agreed, but highly discouraged self-representation.	Self-representation was not encouraged by the Honorable Charles Adams.	entailment
683	Thursday's judge, the Honorable Charles Adams of the Coconino County Superior Court, did not agree, but highly discouraged self-representation.	Self-representation was not encouraged by the Honorable Charles Adams.	entailment
684	He does not mostly hang out with a group of older, Southern black men, who call him Jumper and Black Cat.	The group of guys he tends to hang out with gave him the nickname Jumper.	contradiction
685	He mostly hangs out with a group of older, Southern black men, who call him Jumper and Black Cat.	The group of guys he does not tend to hang out with gave him the nickname Jumper.	contradiction
686	He does not mostly hang out with a group of older, Southern black men, who call him Jumper and Black Cat.	The group of guys he does not tend to hang out with gave him the nickname Jumper.	entailment
687	In any case--it's not over."	It is over.	contradiction
688	In any case--it's over."	It is not over.	contradiction
689	In any case--it's not over."	It is not over.	entailment
690	That is not why icons have the power they have.	That is why God moves me.	neutral
691	That is why icons have the power they have.	That is not why God moves me.	neutral
692	That is not why icons have the power they have.	That is not why God moves me.	neutral
693	The word had not filled his head as though the girl had whispered directly into both ears.	The girl spoke very quietly.	entailment
694	The word had filled his head as though the girl had whispered directly into both ears.	The girl did not speak very quietly.	contradiction
695	The word had not filled his head as though the girl had whispered directly into both ears.	The girl did not speak very quietly.	contradiction
696	It's not a commitment to general education--a sequence of courses intended to develop critical thinking in a wide variety of disciplines--in opposition to early specialization.	General education's focus is to develop students' critical thinking skills.	contradiction
697	It's a commitment to general education--a sequence of courses intended to develop critical thinking in a wide variety of disciplines--in opposition to early specialization.	General education's focus is not to develop students' critical thinking skills.	contradiction
698	It's not a commitment to general education--a sequence of courses intended to develop critical thinking in a wide variety of disciplines--in opposition to early specialization.	General education's focus is not to develop students' critical thinking skills.	entailment
699	Others do not complain that the superstars are over the hill, and are trotting out mediocre work.	Nobody complains about the superstars.	entailment
700	Others complain that the superstars are over the hill, and are trotting out mediocre work.	Nobody does not complain about the superstars.	neutral
701	Others do not complain that the superstars are over the hill, and are trotting out mediocre work.	Nobody does not complain about the superstars.	neutral
702	Collaboration with rigorous methodologists is not important, but those collaborations have to focus on what can be accomplished specifically in the ED setting.	Working with rigorous methodologists is important.	contradiction
703	Collaboration with rigorous methodologists is important, but those collaborations have to focus on what can be accomplished specifically in the ED setting.	Working with rigorous methodologists is not important.	contradiction
704	Collaboration with rigorous methodologists is not important, but those collaborations have to focus on what can be accomplished specifically in the ED setting.	Working with rigorous methodologists is not important.	entailment
705	The union does not have about 4000 members in Canada.	There are 100 members in the union that live in Canada.	neutral
706	The union has about 4000 members in Canada.	There are not 100 members in the union that live in Canada.	entailment
707	The union does not have about 4000 members in Canada.	There are not 100 members in the union that live in Canada.	neutral
708	In 2000, GNP was not less than GDP because income receipts from the rest of the world were less than U.S. payments to the rest of the world.	The US paid more to the rest of the world than the rest of the world received in income.	entailment
709	In 2000, GNP was less than GDP because income receipts from the rest of the world were less than U.S. payments to the rest of the world.	The US did not pay more to the rest of the world than the rest of the world received in income.	contradiction
710	In 2000, GNP was not less than GDP because income receipts from the rest of the world were less than U.S. payments to the rest of the world.	The US did not pay more to the rest of the world than the rest of the world received in income.	contradiction
711	Uh, hi guys,' Daniel did not say meekly.	Daniel greeted everyone even though he was shy.	neutral
712	Uh, hi guys,' Daniel said meekly.	Daniel did not greet everyone as he was shy.	neutral
713	Uh, hi guys,' Daniel did not say meekly.	Daniel did not greet everyone as he was shy.	neutral
714	However, my confidence in him, which at one time had not rather waned, was fully restored since his belief in Alfred Inglethorp's innocence had been so triumphantly vindicated.	I felt the real murderer should now be easier to determine.	neutral
715	However, my confidence in him, which at one time had rather waned, was fully restored since his belief in Alfred Inglethorp's innocence had been so triumphantly vindicated.	I did not feel the real murderer should now be easier to determine.	neutral
716	However, my confidence in him, which at one time had not rather waned, was fully restored since his belief in Alfred Inglethorp's innocence had been so triumphantly vindicated.	I did not feel the real murderer should now be easier to determine.	neutral
717	(Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants) CONTRACT AUTHORITY - Contract authority is not a subset of budget authority.	Contract authority must be granted by the financial authority.	neutral
718	(Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants) CONTRACT AUTHORITY - Contract authority is a subset of budget authority.	Contract authority must not be granted by the financial authority.	neutral
719	(Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants) CONTRACT AUTHORITY - Contract authority is not a subset of budget authority.	Contract authority must not be granted by the financial authority.	neutral
720	The company once assembled, Poirot did not rise from his seat with the air of a popular lecturer, and bowed politely to his audience.	Poirot rose from his seat, bowed and started addressing the audience.	contradiction
721	The company once assembled, Poirot rose from his seat with the air of a popular lecturer, and bowed politely to his audience.	Poirot did not rise from his seat, bowed and started addressing the audience.	contradiction
722	The company once assembled, Poirot did not rise from his seat with the air of a popular lecturer, and bowed politely to his audience.	Poirot did not rise from his seat, bowed and started addressing the audience.	entailment
723	It will not be a pleasure dressing Jane.	Dressing Jane will be enjoyable.	contradiction
724	It will be a pleasure dressing Jane.	Dressing Jane will not be enjoyable.	contradiction
725	It will not be a pleasure dressing Jane.	Dressing Jane will not be enjoyable.	entailment
726	In applying this requirement, the following factors may not influence the auditors' assessment of control	The influence of the following factors is possible.	contradiction
727	In applying this requirement, the following factors may influence the auditors' assessment of control	The influence of the following factors is not possible.	contradiction
728	In applying this requirement, the following factors may not influence the auditors' assessment of control	The influence of the following factors is not possible.	neutral
729	History does not defy laws.	Laws are weak when talking about the past and the future.	neutral
730	History defies laws.	Laws are not weak when talking about the past and the future.	contradiction
731	History does not defy laws.	Laws are not weak when talking about the past and the future.	neutral
732	Now conservatives are not fighting back.	Conservatives are battling now.	contradiction
733	Now conservatives are fighting back.	Conservatives are not battling now.	contradiction
734	Now conservatives are not fighting back.	Conservatives are not battling now.	entailment
735	Fiction does not have its glories, but concealment is merely squalid.	Hiding things is just dirty, whereas there is glory in fiction	contradiction
736	Fiction has its glories, but concealment is merely squalid.	Hiding things is not just dirty, whereas there is not glory in fiction	contradiction
737	Fiction does not have its glories, but concealment is merely squalid.	Hiding things is not just dirty, whereas there is not glory in fiction	entailment
738	Hopefully, Wall Street will not take voluntary steps to address these issues before it is forced to act.	Wall Street is facing issues, that need to be addressed.	contradiction
739	Hopefully, Wall Street will take voluntary steps to address these issues before it is forced to act.	Wall Street is not facing issues, that need to be addressed.	contradiction
740	Hopefully, Wall Street will not take voluntary steps to address these issues before it is forced to act.	Wall Street is not facing issues, that need to be addressed.	contradiction
741	He'd not stopped wondering and now accepted; he meant to get away from here at the first chance and he was somehow sure he could.	The doctors office was a terrible place and he wanted out.	neutral
742	He'd stopped wondering and now accepted; he meant to get away from here at the first chance and he was somehow sure he could.	The doctors office was not a terrible place and he wanted out.	neutral
743	He'd not stopped wondering and now accepted; he meant to get away from here at the first chance and he was somehow sure he could.	The doctors office was not a terrible place and he wanted out.	neutral
744	But what he means by what he shows is not anybody's guess.	His presentation was extremely clear.	entailment
745	But what he means by what he shows is anybody's guess.	His presentation was not extremely clear.	entailment
746	But what he means by what he shows is not anybody's guess.	His presentation was not extremely clear.	contradiction
747	I did not tip it upside down.	I turned it over.	contradiction
748	I tipped it upside down.	I did not turn it over.	contradiction
749	I did not tip it upside down.	I did not turn it over.	entailment
750	For a screening test, high sensitivity is not the most desirable parameter.	They wanted to have low sensitivity.	neutral
751	For a screening test, high sensitivity is the most desirable parameter.	They did not want to have low sensitivity.	entailment
752	For a screening test, high sensitivity is not the most desirable parameter.	They did not want to have low sensitivity.	contradiction
753	In the violet shade of morning, Ca'daan did not see Adrin standing on the dunes in sword practice.	Adrin was lost in the night as a swordsman chased after him that many knew as "Ca'daan".	neutral
754	In the violet shade of morning, Ca'daan saw Adrin standing on the dunes in sword practice.	Adrin was not lost in the night as a swordsman chased after him that many knew as "Ca'daan".	neutral
755	In the violet shade of morning, Ca'daan did not see Adrin standing on the dunes in sword practice.	Adrin was not lost in the night as a swordsman chased after him that many knew as "Ca'daan".	neutral
756	He distinctly did not say you were to repair the sky.	He only muttered something about splitting the sky.	neutral
757	He distinctly said you were to repair the sky.	He only did not mutter something about splitting the sky.	neutral
758	He distinctly did not say you were to repair the sky.	He only did not mutter something about splitting the sky.	neutral
759	They did not watch me constantly for weeks.	They left me on my own for weeks.	entailment
760	They watched me constantly for weeks.	They did not leave me on my own for weeks.	entailment
761	They did not watch me constantly for weeks.	They did not leave me on my own for weeks.	contradiction
762	It does not have a staff of about 100 employees, including attorneys and support staff, in 10 branch offices.	The 10 branches had close to 100 employees.	contradiction
763	It has a staff of about 100 employees, including attorneys and support staff, in 10 branch offices.	The 10 branches did not have close to 100 employees.	contradiction
764	It does not have a staff of about 100 employees, including attorneys and support staff, in 10 branch offices.	The 10 branches did not have close to 100 employees.	entailment
765	First we did not apply three alternative concentrationresponse (C-R) functions to estimate premature mortality incidence.	No CR functions were applied to the incidence.	neutral
766	First we applied three alternative concentrationresponse (C-R) functions to estimate premature mortality incidence.	No CR functions were not applied to the incidence.	neutral
767	First we did not apply three alternative concentrationresponse (C-R) functions to estimate premature mortality incidence.	No CR functions were not applied to the incidence.	neutral
768	All we've done is not checked that the first two creditors divided their collective share of $125 appropriately	The first two creditors divided their shares correctly.	neutral
769	All we've done is checked that the first two creditors divided their collective share of $125 appropriately	The first two creditors did not divide their shares correctly.	contradiction
770	All we've done is not checked that the first two creditors divided their collective share of $125 appropriately	The first two creditors did not divide their shares correctly.	neutral
771	Postal Service's domestic rates for First-Class and Priority Mail to the inbound mail distribution are not described above.	Usps domestic rates for priority and first class mail are described above.	contradiction
772	Postal Service's domestic rates for First-Class and Priority Mail to the inbound mail distribution described above.	Usps domestic rates for priority and first class mail are not described above.	contradiction
773	Postal Service's domestic rates for First-Class and Priority Mail to the inbound mail distribution are not described above.	Usps domestic rates for priority and first class mail are not described above.	entailment
774	Unbar, Francisco! he did not call in Spanish.	He call Francisco in Spanish.	contradiction
775	Unbar, Francisco! he called in Spanish.	He did not call Francisco in Spanish.	contradiction
776	Unbar, Francisco! he did not call in Spanish.	He did not call Francisco in Spanish.	entailment
777	The Commission is not unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences, absent an express congressional intent that such burdens be imposed.	Unless congress expresses an intent that such burdens be imposed, the Commission is unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences.	contradiction
778	The Commission is unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences, absent an express congressional intent that such burdens be imposed.	Unless congress does not express an intent that such burdens be imposed, the Commission is unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences.	contradiction
779	The Commission is not unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences, absent an express congressional intent that such burdens be imposed.	Unless congress does not express an intent that such burdens be imposed, the Commission is unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences.	contradiction
780	My wife and daughter are not the ones doing Riley.	My grandmother and grandmother's lesbian lover are doing Riley.	neutral
781	My wife and daughter are the ones doing Riley.	My grandmother and grandmother's lesbian lover are not doing Riley.	neutral
782	My wife and daughter are not the ones doing Riley.	My grandmother and grandmother's lesbian lover are not doing Riley.	neutral
783	But if they do not catch me...'	But if they kill me	neutral
784	But if they catch me...'	But if they do not kill me	neutral
785	But if they do not catch me...'	But if they do not kill me	neutral
786	The win did not bring tears to her eyes, of course, and prompted a phone call to Mom in India.	She called her father after she lost, smiling as she did it.	contradiction
787	The win brought tears to her eyes, of course, and prompted a phone call to Mom in India.	She did not call her father after she lost, smiling as she did it.	contradiction
788	The win did not bring tears to her eyes, of course, and prompted a phone call to Mom in India.	She did not call her father after she lost, smiling as she did it.	neutral
789	You're not quite safe." Her breath came more normally, and the colour was returning to her cheeks.	She started recovering from the mild shock she had gone through.	neutral
790	You're quite safe." Her breath came more normally, and the colour was returning to her cheeks.	She did not start recovering from the mild shock she had gone through.	neutral
791	You're not quite safe." Her breath came more normally, and the colour was returning to her cheeks.	She did not start recovering from the mild shock she had gone through.	neutral
792	A library with the maximum allowable e-rate subsidy of 90 percent would not still find itself paying a monthly Internet bill of $186.	A library has a maximum subsidy of 90% for utilities.	neutral
793	A library with the maximum allowable e-rate subsidy of 90 percent would still find itself paying a monthly Internet bill of $186.	A library does not have a maximum subsidy of 90% for utilities.	contradiction
794	A library with the maximum allowable e-rate subsidy of 90 percent would not still find itself paying a monthly Internet bill of $186.	A library does not have a maximum subsidy of 90% for utilities.	contradiction
795	You did not kill Derry.'	Derry is still alive.	neutral
796	You killed Derry.'	Derry is not still alive.	entailment
797	You did not kill Derry.'	Derry is not still alive.	neutral
798	Twelve days later, I did not make my second.	It took twelve days to make another.	contradiction
799	Twelve days later, I made my second.	It did not take twelve days to make another.	contradiction
800	Twelve days later, I did not make my second.	It did not take twelve days to make another.	entailment
801	Mrs. Vandemeyer, she did not read, "20 South Audley Mansions.	20 South Audley Mansions is a book that Mrs. Vandemeyer read.	contradiction
802	Mrs. Vandemeyer, she read, "20 South Audley Mansions.	20 South Audley Mansions is not a book that Mrs. Vandemeyer read.	contradiction
803	Mrs. Vandemeyer, she did not read, "20 South Audley Mansions.	20 South Audley Mansions is not a book that Mrs. Vandemeyer read.	entailment
804	I'd not call it a bad date.	I'd consider it a bad date because the girl was rude to the waiter.	contradiction
805	I'd call it a bad date.	I'd not consider it a bad date because the girl was not rude to the waiter.	contradiction
806	I'd not call it a bad date.	I'd not consider it a bad date because the girl was not rude to the waiter.	neutral
807	The component may not also be a contractor.	They were prohibited from being a contractor.	entailment
808	The component may also be a contractor.	They were not prohibited from being a contractor.	entailment
809	The component may not also be a contractor.	They were not prohibited from being a contractor.	contradiction
810	Currently OASI and DI do not make payments to that Account, and HI receives payment.	The Account is the easiest way to keep track of payments made by OASI and DI on an annual basis.	neutral
811	Currently OASI and DI make payments to that Account, and HI receives payment.	The Account is not the easiest way to keep track of payments made by OASI and DI on an annual basis.	neutral
812	Currently OASI and DI do not make payments to that Account, and HI receives payment.	The Account is not the easiest way to keep track of payments made by OASI and DI on an annual basis.	neutral
813	In addition to the effects on household saving choices, individual accounts may not also affect the relationship and interactions between Social Security and private pensions.	Individual accounts would reduce demand for private pensions.	neutral
814	In addition to the effects on household saving choices, individual accounts may also affect the relationship and interactions between Social Security and private pensions.	Individual accounts would not reduce demand for private pensions.	neutral
815	In addition to the effects on household saving choices, individual accounts may not also affect the relationship and interactions between Social Security and private pensions.	Individual accounts would not reduce demand for private pensions.	neutral
816	Washington Post does not report two attempts by private companies to grow embryos--a practice banned among federally funded researchers but allowed in the private sector.	The Washington Post was the first company to report on attempts of private companies growing embryos.	contradiction
817	Washington Post reports two attempts by private companies to grow embryos--a practice banned among federally funded researchers but allowed in the private sector.	The Washington Post was not the first company to report on attempts of private companies growing embryos.	neutral
818	Washington Post does not report two attempts by private companies to grow embryos--a practice banned among federally funded researchers but allowed in the private sector.	The Washington Post was not the first company to report on attempts of private companies growing embryos.	contradiction
819	You and Tuppence have not been sticking together like Siamese twins.	You and Tuppence have been hand in glove.	contradiction
820	You and Tuppence have been sticking together like Siamese twins.	You and Tuppence have not been hand in glove.	contradiction
821	You and Tuppence have not been sticking together like Siamese twins.	You and Tuppence have not been hand in glove.	entailment
822	Participants generally did not agree that improvements in corporate governance will bring about improvements in auditing.	The participants only agreed on a few subjects.	neutral
823	Participants generally agreed that improvements in corporate governance will bring about improvements in auditing.	The participants only did not agree on a few subjects.	neutral
824	Participants generally did not agree that improvements in corporate governance will bring about improvements in auditing.	The participants only did not agree on a few subjects.	neutral
825	not AUTHORIZING AND APPROVING	Granting permission.	contradiction
826	AUTHORIZING AND APPROVING	Not granting permission.	contradiction
827	not AUTHORIZING AND APPROVING	Not granting permission.	entailment
828	However, I do not believe that additional actions by the board and AICPA management will be needed to restore trust and confidence in the Institute over the longer-term.	Trust and confidence in the Institute have been lost forever.	contradiction
829	However, I believe that additional actions by the board and AICPA management will be needed to restore trust and confidence in the Institute over the longer-term.	Trust and confidence in the Institute have not been lost forever.	entailment
830	However, I do not believe that additional actions by the board and AICPA management will be needed to restore trust and confidence in the Institute over the longer-term.	Trust and confidence in the Institute have not been lost forever.	entailment
831	Every tube did not contain a body, and every body was a famous figure from history.	The tubes held everyday people.	contradiction
832	Every tube contained a body, and every body was a famous figure from history.	The tubes did not hold everyday people.	entailment
833	Every tube did not contain a body, and every body was a famous figure from history.	The tubes did not hold everyday people.	entailment
834	Due to the amount of information now available, power has not shifted from the physician to the patient.	Doctors have more power than ever thanks to better data availability.	entailment
835	Due to the amount of information now available, power has shifted from the physician to the patient.	Doctors do not have more power than ever thanks to better data availability.	entailment
836	Due to the amount of information now available, power has not shifted from the physician to the patient.	Doctors do not have more power than ever thanks to better data availability.	neutral
837	Research over the last 20 years has not changed the scientific view of life.	The last 5 years of research have a higher proportion influence.	neutral
838	Research over the last 20 years has changed the scientific view of life.	The last 5 years of research do not have a higher proportion influence.	neutral
839	Research over the last 20 years has not changed the scientific view of life.	The last 5 years of research do not have a higher proportion influence.	neutral
840	For the moment, he did not seek refuge in retreat, and left the room precipitately.	He stayed put and sat on the floor.	contradiction
841	For the moment, he sought refuge in retreat, and left the room precipitately.	He did not stay put and did not sit on the floor.	neutral
842	For the moment, he did not seek refuge in retreat, and left the room precipitately.	He did not stay put and did not sit on the floor.	entailment
843	He did not wait for the group on the nearby 18 th green to finish.	He was patient while hte group on the 18th hole finished.	contradiction
844	He waited for the group on the nearby 18 th green to finish.	He was not patient while hte group on the 18th hole finished.	contradiction
845	He did not wait for the group on the nearby 18 th green to finish.	He was not patient while hte group on the 18th hole finished.	entailment
846	equivalent to not increasing national saving to 19.	National savings are 18 now.	neutral
847	equivalent to increasing national saving to 19.	National savings are not 18 now.	entailment
848	equivalent to not increasing national saving to 19.	National savings are not 18 now.	neutral
849	There's not a sort of bidding war going on, with law schools offering ever-increasing financial packages -- most of it loans, said Dean Glen.	No one really cares about the new students coming to their institutions.	neutral
850	There's a sort of bidding war going on, with law schools offering ever-increasing financial packages -- most of it loans, said Dean Glen.	No one really does not care about the new students coming to their institutions.	entailment
851	There's not a sort of bidding war going on, with law schools offering ever-increasing financial packages -- most of it loans, said Dean Glen.	No one really does not care about the new students coming to their institutions.	contradiction
852	Comments not regarding enforcement issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by EPA in four Detergent Rule Question and Answer Documents.	All the issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by the EPA.	neutral
853	Comments regarding enforcement issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by EPA in four Detergent Rule Question and Answer Documents.	All the issues and questions not raised by the regulated industry were addressed by the EPA.	neutral
854	Comments not regarding enforcement issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by EPA in four Detergent Rule Question and Answer Documents.	All the issues and questions not raised by the regulated industry were addressed by the EPA.	neutral
855	You're not mad.	You are still sane.	entailment
856	You're mad.	You are not still sane.	entailment
857	You're not mad.	You are not still sane.	contradiction
858	Inside, a huge mountain of a man, even bigger than Thorn, did not fight with a huge two-handed axe.	The man was extremely large.	entailment
859	Inside, a huge mountain of a man, even bigger than Thorn, fought with a huge two-handed axe.	The man was not extremely large.	contradiction
860	Inside, a huge mountain of a man, even bigger than Thorn, did not fight with a huge two-handed axe.	The man was not extremely large.	contradiction
861	Jon had not only seen two people move that fast in his life	Jon knew at least 500 people with the same speed.	neutral
862	Jon had only seen two people move that fast in his life	Jon did not know at least 500 people with the same speed.	entailment
863	Jon had not only seen two people move that fast in his life	Jon did not know at least 500 people with the same speed.	neutral
864	We did not develop technical assistance funds for creative planning projects and obtained a $15.	No technical assistance funds for creative projects were developed.	entailment
865	We developed technical assistance funds for creative planning projects and obtained a $15.	No technical assistance funds for creative projects were not developed.	neutral
866	We did not develop technical assistance funds for creative planning projects and obtained a $15.	No technical assistance funds for creative projects were not developed.	contradiction
867	I have not done my best to target unpopulated areas at unpopulated times, but the guilt still weights heavy on my soul.'	Many people have died even though the areas were supposed to be unpopulated.	neutral
868	I have done my best to target unpopulated areas at unpopulated times, but the guilt still weights heavy on my soul.'	Many people have not died even though the areas were supposed to be unpopulated.	neutral
869	I have not done my best to target unpopulated areas at unpopulated times, but the guilt still weights heavy on my soul.'	Many people have not died even though the areas were supposed to be unpopulated.	neutral
870	5 billion, but households' wealth did not decline by nearly $842 billion (2 percent) largely as a result of the drop in the market value of households' stock holdings.	The value of households' stock holdings dropped and this contributed to a decline in household wealth.	contradiction
871	5 billion, but households' wealth declined by nearly $842 billion (2 percent) largely as a result of the drop in the market value of households' stock holdings.	The value of households' stock holdings did not drop and this contributed to a decline in household wealth.	contradiction
872	5 billion, but households' wealth did not decline by nearly $842 billion (2 percent) largely as a result of the drop in the market value of households' stock holdings.	The value of households' stock holdings did not drop and this contributed to a decline in household wealth.	entailment
873	The lot upon which it is being built had not been vacant.	The lot had been vacant.	contradiction
874	The lot upon which it is being built had been vacant.	The lot had not been vacant.	contradiction
875	The lot upon which it is being built had not been vacant.	The lot had not been vacant.	entailment
876	We could not use their assistance should it be needed.	We might need help every day.	neutral
877	We could use their assistance should it be needed.	We might not need help every day.	neutral
878	We could not use their assistance should it be needed.	We might not need help every day.	neutral
879	Nonetheless, based on discussions with several states, the application review process is not estimated to take approximately 38 weeks (9-10 months).	The application review process was discussed only with corporations.	contradiction
880	Nonetheless, based on discussions with several states, the application review process is estimated to take approximately 38 weeks (9-10 months).	The application review process was not discussed only with corporations.	entailment
881	Nonetheless, based on discussions with several states, the application review process is not estimated to take approximately 38 weeks (9-10 months).	The application review process was not discussed only with corporations.	entailment
882	His problem, he said, is not the current hiring freeze imposed on all city agencies.	He had a problem finding a job because of the hiring freeze.	contradiction
883	His problem, he said, is the current hiring freeze imposed on all city agencies.	He did not have a problem finding a job because of the hiring freeze.	contradiction
884	His problem, he said, is not the current hiring freeze imposed on all city agencies.	He did not have a problem finding a job because of the hiring freeze.	entailment
885	But a closer analysis of the weather map does not suggest Mother Nature actually favors the Democrats this year.	Mother Nature has been a democrat for years.	neutral
886	But a closer analysis of the weather map suggests Mother Nature actually favors the Democrats this year.	Mother Nature has not been a democrat for years.	neutral
887	But a closer analysis of the weather map does not suggest Mother Nature actually favors the Democrats this year.	Mother Nature has not been a democrat for years.	neutral
888	He might not have stowed them there in a hurry.	They might have been put there in a rush.	contradiction
889	He might have stowed them there in a hurry.	They might have not been put there in a rush.	contradiction
890	He might not have stowed them there in a hurry.	They might have not been put there in a rush.	entailment
891	Still, the Johnnies will wait now." In the general relief at Inglethorp's approaching departure, we did not have the most genial breakfast we had experienced since the tragedy.	We held a friendly morning meal, one of the best since the event occurred.	contradiction
892	Still, the Johnnies will wait now." In the general relief at Inglethorp's approaching departure, we had the most genial breakfast we had experienced since the tragedy.	We did not have a friendly morning meal, one of the best since the event occurred.	contradiction
893	Still, the Johnnies will wait now." In the general relief at Inglethorp's approaching departure, we did not have the most genial breakfast we had experienced since the tragedy.	We did not have a friendly morning meal, one of the best since the event occurred.	entailment
894	The amount recorded by both entities is not the transferring entity's book value of the asset.	The amount recorded was well over $100,000.	neutral
895	The amount recorded by both entities is the transferring entity's book value of the asset.	The amount recorded was not well over $100,000.	neutral
896	The amount recorded by both entities is not the transferring entity's book value of the asset.	The amount recorded was not well over $100,000.	neutral
897	Alternatively, he could have used his address to the Christian Coalition last Friday to not criticize religious intolerance.	He could have talked about how tolerant the coalition was.	neutral
898	Alternatively, he could have used his address to the Christian Coalition last Friday to criticize religious intolerance.	He could have talked about how tolerant the coalition was not.	neutral
899	Alternatively, he could have used his address to the Christian Coalition last Friday to not criticize religious intolerance.	He could have talked about how tolerant the coalition was not.	neutral
900	But there are not different kinds of fishing.	There are different ways to fish.	contradiction
901	But there are different kinds of fishing.	There are not different ways to fish.	contradiction
902	But there are not different kinds of fishing.	There are not different ways to fish.	entailment
903	White did not look up at me, quite slowly.	White raised his eyes to mine slowly.	contradiction
904	White looked up at me, quite slowly.	White did not raise his eyes to mine slowly.	contradiction
905	White did not look up at me, quite slowly.	White did not raise his eyes to mine slowly.	entailment
906	They do not celebrate the U.S. women's comparative innocence.	They berate the U.S women for their comparative innocence.	neutral
907	They celebrate the U.S. women's comparative innocence.	They do not berate the U.S women for their comparative innocence.	entailment
908	They do not celebrate the U.S. women's comparative innocence.	They do not berate the U.S women for their comparative innocence.	neutral
909	There we did not find an open door, flapping in the breeze.	The door was closed tightly.	neutral
910	There we found an open door, flapping in the breeze.	The door was not closed tightly.	entailment
911	There we did not find an open door, flapping in the breeze.	The door was not closed tightly.	neutral
912	...Roman, that you do not have an enormous amount of experience in the field of telecommunications.	Roman has a lot of experience.	contradiction
913	...Roman, that you have an enormous amount of experience in the field of telecommunications.	Roman does not have a lot of experience.	contradiction
914	...Roman, that you do not have an enormous amount of experience in the field of telecommunications.	Roman does not have a lot of experience.	entailment
915	One of his arms was not a hook.	He had a hook for one arm.	contradiction
916	One of his arms was a hook.	He did not have a hook for one arm.	contradiction
917	One of his arms was not a hook.	He did not have a hook for one arm.	entailment
918	LSC does not strongly encourage all its grantees to obtain other funding for the client community that Congress has legislated is eligible for LSC funding.	KSC helps its grantees obtain funds	neutral
919	LSC strongly encourages all its grantees to obtain other funding for the client community that Congress has legislated is eligible for LSC funding.	KSC does not help its grantees obtain funds	neutral
920	LSC does not strongly encourage all its grantees to obtain other funding for the client community that Congress has legislated is eligible for LSC funding.	KSC does not help its grantees obtain funds	neutral
921	We recognize that federal agencies, including GAO, might be not able to achieve some additional savings by taking more advantage of frequent flyer miles for government travel.	GAO will end up spending more money on government travel costs if they use frequent flyer miles.	entailment
922	We recognize that federal agencies, including GAO, might be able to achieve some additional savings by taking more advantage of frequent flyer miles for government travel.	GAO will end up not spending more money on government travel costs if they use frequent flyer miles.	entailment
923	We recognize that federal agencies, including GAO, might be not able to achieve some additional savings by taking more advantage of frequent flyer miles for government travel.	GAO will end up not spending more money on government travel costs if they use frequent flyer miles.	neutral
924	I can only hope we don't save them, thought Jon.	Jon wanted to save them from the angry mob.	contradiction
925	I can only hope we can save them, thought Jon.	Jon did not want to save them from the angry mob.	contradiction
926	I can only hope we don't save them, thought Jon.	Jon did not want to save them from the angry mob.	neutral
927	Perfectly sickening the way those brass hats did not drive from the War Office to the Savoy, and from the Savoy to the War Office!	The hats from the War Office were made of leather.	contradiction
928	Perfectly sickening the way those brass hats drove from the War Office to the Savoy, and from the Savoy to the War Office!	The hats from the War Office were not made of leather.	entailment
929	Perfectly sickening the way those brass hats did not drive from the War Office to the Savoy, and from the Savoy to the War Office!	The hats from the War Office were not made of leather.	entailment
930	This is all not pure  high-toned and irritating, vibrating with barely curtailed snobbism, but also venturing hard queries and unpopular responses.	This is obnoxious and snobby.	contradiction
931	This is all pure  high-toned and irritating, vibrating with barely curtailed snobbism, but also venturing hard queries and unpopular responses.	This is not obnoxious and snobby.	contradiction
932	This is all not pure  high-toned and irritating, vibrating with barely curtailed snobbism, but also venturing hard queries and unpopular responses.	This is not obnoxious and snobby.	entailment
933	Cold Mountain is not advanced humbug.	Advanced humbug means Cold Mountain.	contradiction
934	Cold Mountain is advanced humbug.	Advanced humbug does not mean Cold Mountain.	contradiction
935	Cold Mountain is not advanced humbug.	Advanced humbug does not mean Cold Mountain.	entailment
936	Unfortunately, these are not trappings that come with billion-dollar price tags attached.	These trappings are what come from the billion-dollar price tags associated with them.	contradiction
937	Unfortunately, these are trappings that come with billion-dollar price tags attached.	These trappings are not what come from the billion-dollar price tags associated with them.	contradiction
938	Unfortunately, these are not trappings that come with billion-dollar price tags attached.	These trappings are not what come from the billion-dollar price tags associated with them.	entailment
939	I've always heard you Revolutionists did not hold life cheap, but it seems there's a difference when it's your own life 197 in question.	I've constantly heard that you Revolutionists value life greatly.	entailment
940	I've always heard you Revolutionists held life cheap, but it seems there's a difference when it's your own life 197 in question.	I've constantly heard that you Revolutionists do not value life greatly.	contradiction
941	I've always heard you Revolutionists did not hold life cheap, but it seems there's a difference when it's your own life 197 in question.	I've constantly heard that you Revolutionists do not value life greatly.	contradiction
942	FEMA personnel will not be on hand to meet with flood victims to answer questions and provide recovery information and written materials about various assistance programs.	FEMA refuses to help flood victims.	neutral
943	FEMA personnel will be on hand to meet with flood victims to answer questions and provide recovery information and written materials about various assistance programs.	FEMA does not refuse to help flood victims.	entailment
944	FEMA personnel will not be on hand to meet with flood victims to answer questions and provide recovery information and written materials about various assistance programs.	FEMA does not refuse to help flood victims.	neutral
945	Comments on classified or restricted reports should not be transmitted in the manner agreed to by GAO and the agency.	There are specific transmission methodologies for classified reports.	neutral
946	Comments on classified or restricted reports should be transmitted in the manner agreed to by GAO and the agency.	There are  no specific transmission methodologies for classified reports.	contradiction
947	Comments on classified or restricted reports should not be transmitted in the manner agreed to by GAO and the agency.	There are  no specific transmission methodologies for classified reports.	neutral
948	The best book in many years not on Washington media, says the Weekly Standard 's Andrew Ferguson.	The best book in years on Washington media according to everyone except Andrew Ferguson.	neutral
949	The best book in many years on Washington media, says the Weekly Standard 's Andrew Ferguson.	The best book in years not on Washington media according to everyone except Andrew Ferguson.	neutral
950	The best book in many years not on Washington media, says the Weekly Standard 's Andrew Ferguson.	The best book in years not on Washington media according to everyone except Andrew Ferguson.	contradiction
951	Interest on Treasury securities were not held by revolving funds.	Treasury securities interest held by revolving funds.	contradiction
952	Interest on Treasury securities held by revolving funds.	Treasury securities interest were not held by revolving funds.	contradiction
953	Interest on Treasury securities were not held by revolving funds.	Treasury securities interest were not held by revolving funds.	entailment
954	Accordingly, we did not submit a total of cases closed for 1999 of 924,000.	924,000 cases were closed in 1999.	contradiction
955	Accordingly, we submit a total of cases closed for 1999 of 924,000.	924,000 cases were not closed in 1999.	contradiction
956	Accordingly, we did not submit a total of cases closed for 1999 of 924,000.	924,000 cases were not closed in 1999.	entailment
957	The short man there--he' is not Garm.	Garm is a short but bulky man.	neutral
958	The short man there--he's Garm.	Garm is not a short but bulky man.	contradiction
959	The short man there--he' is not Garm.	Garm is not a short but bulky man.	neutral
960	We did not see the murder in their eyes and the blood on their hands.	We saw blood on their demon hands and murder in their evil eyes.	contradiction
961	We saw the murder in their eyes and the blood on their hands.	We did not see blood on their demon hands and murder in their evil eyes.	contradiction
962	We did not see the murder in their eyes and the blood on their hands.	We did not see blood on their demon hands and murder in their evil eyes.	entailment
963	You did not kill my friend.	I killed my friend.	neutral
964	You killed my friend.	I did not kill my friend.	entailment
965	You did not kill my friend.	I did not kill my friend.	neutral
966	The basement is not a square kilometre in size, and that's the lab.	The basement is tiny.	neutral
967	The basement is a square kilometre in size, and that's the lab.	The basement is not tiny.	entailment
968	The basement is not a square kilometre in size, and that's the lab.	The basement is not tiny.	neutral
969	Well, I've never had a secret hankering to be a detective!	I've always had a hidden desire to solve crimes.	contradiction
970	Well, I've always had a secret hankering to be a detective!	I've never had a hidden desire to solve crimes.	contradiction
971	Well, I've never had a secret hankering to be a detective!	I've never had a hidden desire to solve crimes.	entailment
972	I did not see a path at the side of the road.	There was a path leading away from the road.	neutral
973	I saw a path at the side of the road.	There was not a path leading away from the road.	neutral
974	I did not see a path at the side of the road.	There was not a path leading away from the road.	neutral
975	Here's half a crown for my share." Tommy was not holding the paper thoughtfully.	Tommy was crinkling the paper in his hand and it almost fell to the ground.	neutral
976	Here's half a crown for my share." Tommy was holding the paper thoughtfully.	Tommy was not crinkling the paper in his hand and it almost fell to the ground.	entailment
977	Here's half a crown for my share." Tommy was not holding the paper thoughtfully.	Tommy was not crinkling the paper in his hand and it almost fell to the ground.	neutral
978	Attorneys did not praise Zelon for her thorough understanding of the law.	Zelon was very intelligent	neutral
979	Attorneys praise Zelon for her thorough understanding of the law.	Zelon was not very intelligent	neutral
980	Attorneys did not praise Zelon for her thorough understanding of the law.	Zelon was not very intelligent	neutral
981	But then I did not realize how superficial that attitude is.	The all thought it was a great attitude to have.	neutral
982	But then I realize how superficial that attitude is.	The all thought it was not a great attitude to have.	entailment
983	But then I did not realize how superficial that attitude is.	The all thought it was not a great attitude to have.	neutral
984	It sure is not, drawled Tuppence, "especially when old man Rysdale backs the bill.	Old man Rysdale backs the bill, Tuppence stated.	entailment
985	It sure is, drawled Tuppence, "especially when old man Rysdale backs the bill.	Old man Rysdale does not back the bill, Tuppence stated.	contradiction
986	It sure is not, drawled Tuppence, "especially when old man Rysdale backs the bill.	Old man Rysdale does not back the bill, Tuppence stated.	contradiction
987	The Kal did not push Ca'daan aside with one powerful hand.	Ca'daan was pushed aside and knocked to the ground by the Kal's powerful hand.	contradiction
988	The Kal pushed Ca'daan aside with one powerful hand.	Ca'daan was not pushed aside and knocked to the ground by the Kal's powerful hand.	contradiction
989	The Kal did not push Ca'daan aside with one powerful hand.	Ca'daan was not pushed aside and knocked to the ground by the Kal's powerful hand.	entailment
990	Of course, we might not do something about it, if you really converted.	If you truly converted to Christianity, maybe something could be done about it.	contradiction
991	Of course, we might do something about it, if you really converted.	If you truly did not convert to Christianity, maybe something could be done about it.	neutral
992	Of course, we might not do something about it, if you really converted.	If you truly did not convert to Christianity, maybe something could be done about it.	neutral
993	RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year did not end September	RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September every year since 1912.	contradiction
994	RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September	RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year did not end September every year since 1912.	contradiction
995	RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year did not end September	RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year did not end September every year since 1912.	neutral
996	Daniel!' I hissed, not slamming the door shut behind me.	I closed the door as gingerly as possible.	neutral
997	Daniel!' I hissed, slamming the door shut behind me.	I did not close the door as gingerly as possible.	entailment
998	Daniel!' I hissed, not slamming the door shut behind me.	I did not close the door as gingerly as possible.	neutral
999	All of the men did not continue to watch him as if his actions were highly significant.	All of the men completely ignored him for the day.	neutral
1000	All of the men continued to watch him as if his actions were highly significant.	All of the men did not completely ignore him for the day.	entailment
1001	All of the men did not continue to watch him as if his actions were highly significant.	All of the men did not completely ignore him for the day.	neutral
1002	For years, federal agencies have not struggled with delivering promised system capabilities on time and within budget.	Federal agencies have long had difficulty delivering capabilities on time.	contradiction
1003	For years, federal agencies have struggled with delivering promised system capabilities on time and within budget.	Federal agencies have long not had difficulty delivering capabilities on time.	contradiction
1004	For years, federal agencies have not struggled with delivering promised system capabilities on time and within budget.	Federal agencies have long not had difficulty delivering capabilities on time.	entailment
1005	As I write, the house is not alive with flowers and foliage, and it is starting to snow again.	It is sunny and hot outside.	contradiction
1006	As I write, the house is alive with flowers and foliage, and it is starting to snow again.	It is not sunny and hot outside.	entailment
1007	As I write, the house is not alive with flowers and foliage, and it is starting to snow again.	It is not sunny and hot outside.	entailment
1008	Jon did not place a hand on San'doro's shoulder and stood.	San'doro picked up Jon so he could stand.	neutral
1009	Jon placed a hand on San'doro's shoulder and stood.	San'doro did not pick up Jon so he could stand.	entailment
1010	Jon did not place a hand on San'doro's shoulder and stood.	San'doro did not pick up Jon so he could stand.	neutral
1011	Pro se assistance does not empower people to help themselves and makes our court system work better.	Pro se assistance empowers people to get help and make the court system work better.	contradiction
1012	Pro se assistance empowers people to help themselves and makes our court system work better.	Pro se assistance does not empower people to get help and make the court system work better.	contradiction
1013	Pro se assistance does not empower people to help themselves and makes our court system work better.	Pro se assistance does not empower people to get help and make the court system work better.	entailment
1014	Second, several special rate arrangements would not be discontinued.	Many special rate arrangements would be stopped.	contradiction
1015	Second, several special rate arrangements would be discontinued.	Many special rate arrangements would not be stopped.	contradiction
1016	Second, several special rate arrangements would not be discontinued.	Many special rate arrangements would not be stopped.	entailment
1017	Mais me voila. The door did not shut.	They typically leave the door open.	neutral
1018	Mais me voila. The door shut.	They typically do not leave the door open.	neutral
1019	Mais me voila. The door did not shut.	They typically do not leave the door open.	neutral
1020	Not seeing himself unattractively represented in hundreds of editorial cartoons as a leathery-faced half-man, half-elephant.	Some editorial cartoons show people unattractively.	neutral
1021	Seeing himself unattractively represented in hundreds of editorial cartoons as a leathery-faced half-man, half-elephant.	Some editorial cartoons do not show people unattractively.	neutral
1022	Not seeing himself unattractively represented in hundreds of editorial cartoons as a leathery-faced half-man, half-elephant.	Some editorial cartoons do not show people unattractively.	neutral
1023	They were not locking the place down.	The prison was on lockdown.	contradiction
1024	They were locking the place down.	The prison was not on lockdown.	neutral
1025	They were not locking the place down.	The prison was not on lockdown.	neutral
1026	Ca'daan did not look over the camp in shock.	Ca'daan looked towards the campsite.	neutral
1027	Ca'daan looked over the camp in shock.	Ca'daan did not look towards the campsite.	contradiction
1028	Ca'daan did not look over the camp in shock.	Ca'daan did not look towards the campsite.	neutral
1029	He had not elaborated a careful plan for the following evening.	He created an intricate plan for the next night.	contradiction
1030	He had elaborated a careful plan for the following evening.	He did not create an intricate plan for the next night.	contradiction
1031	He had not elaborated a careful plan for the following evening.	He did not create an intricate plan for the next night.	entailment
1032	To accomplish this, the board must not raise or lower interest rates to bring savings and investment at that target unemployment rate in line with each other.	Accomplishing that has been the board's goal for a very long time.	neutral
1033	To accomplish this, the board must raise or lower interest rates to bring savings and investment at that target unemployment rate in line with each other.	Accomplishing that has not been the board's goal for a very long time.	neutral
1034	To accomplish this, the board must not raise or lower interest rates to bring savings and investment at that target unemployment rate in line with each other.	Accomplishing that has not been the board's goal for a very long time.	neutral
1035	He surmised, therefore, that reduction in recidivism might not be a suitable outcome for emergency physicians.	The doctors require a lot of things to work	neutral
1036	He surmised, therefore, that reduction in recidivism might be a suitable outcome for emergency physicians.	The doctors do not require a lot of things to work	neutral
1037	He surmised, therefore, that reduction in recidivism might not be a suitable outcome for emergency physicians.	The doctors do not require a lot of things to work	neutral
1038	I began to not find myself in the same circle that I was in before.	I had returned to the same circle of friends that  I had in high school.	contradiction
1039	I began to find myself in the same circle that I was in before.	I had not returned to the same circle of friends that  I had in high school.	neutral
1040	I began to not find myself in the same circle that I was in before.	I had not returned to the same circle of friends that  I had in high school.	neutral
1041	Though less sinister than his war club, two hits on Adrin did not prove that it served the job well.	Adrin was hit twice with a hatchet.	neutral
1042	Though less sinister than his war club, two hits on Adrin proved that it served the job well.	Adrin was not hit twice with a hatchet.	neutral
1043	Though less sinister than his war club, two hits on Adrin did not prove that it served the job well.	Adrin was not hit twice with a hatchet.	neutral
1044	(NBC does not promote the show here.)	NBC have declined to promote the show.	entailment
1045	(NBC promotes the show here.)	NBC has not declined to promote the show.	entailment
1046	(NBC does not promote the show here.)	NBC has not declined to promote the show.	neutral
1047	This is not more than just a job.	This is just simply a job.	entailment
1048	This is more than just a job.	This is not just simply a job.	entailment
1049	This is not more than just a job.	This is not just simply a job.	contradiction
1050	Dutch World, where all sorts of fictional characters created by Edmund Morris come out to not play with children of all ages!	Edmund Morris created a world called Dutch World, a place where made up characters can play with all children.	contradiction
1051	Dutch World, where all sorts of fictional characters created by Edmund Morris come out to play with children of all ages!	Edmund Morris created a world called Dutch World, a place where made up characters can not play with all children.	contradiction
1052	Dutch World, where all sorts of fictional characters created by Edmund Morris come out to not play with children of all ages!	Edmund Morris created a world called Dutch World, a place where made up characters can not play with all children.	entailment
1053	Studly guys do not work at the Pentagon.	There are only effeminate goblins working at the Pentagon.	neutral
1054	Studly guys work at the Pentagon.	There are not only effeminate goblins working at the Pentagon.	entailment
1055	Studly guys do not work at the Pentagon.	There are not only effeminate goblins working at the Pentagon.	neutral
1056	And those are not just the towns along Lake Como.	Those are the towns beside Lake Como.	contradiction
1057	And those are just the towns along Lake Como.	Those are not the towns beside Lake Como.	contradiction
1058	And those are not just the towns along Lake Como.	Those are not the towns beside Lake Como.	contradiction
1059	Over the past 27 years, LSC has not helped millions of low-income citizens solve important, sometimes life-threatening, civil legal problems.	Over the past 27 years, LSC was funded by the government.	neutral
1060	Over the past 27 years, LSC has helped millions of low-income citizens solve important, sometimes life-threatening, civil legal problems.	Over the past 27 years, LSC was not funded by the government.	neutral
1061	Over the past 27 years, LSC has not helped millions of low-income citizens solve important, sometimes life-threatening, civil legal problems.	Over the past 27 years, LSC was not funded by the government.	neutral
1062	Also the Treasury does not require departments to disclose instances of irregular expenditures arising from erroneous benefit awards and fraud by claimants.	Departments are typically reluctant to disclose mistakes in the awarding of benefits.	neutral
1063	Also the Treasury requires departments to disclose instances of irregular expenditures arising from erroneous benefit awards and fraud by claimants.	Departments are not typically reluctant to disclose mistakes in the awarding of benefits.	neutral
1064	Also the Treasury does not require departments to disclose instances of irregular expenditures arising from erroneous benefit awards and fraud by claimants.	Departments are not typically reluctant to disclose mistakes in the awarding of benefits.	neutral
1065	At times in recent years, the office has not received its state and federal funding on a month-to-month basis, which one federal official called one step short of defunding.	The office gets state and federal funding.	contradiction
1066	At times in recent years, the office has received its state and federal funding on a month-to-month basis, which one federal official called one step short of defunding.	The office does not get state and federal funding.	contradiction
1067	At times in recent years, the office has not received its state and federal funding on a month-to-month basis, which one federal official called one step short of defunding.	The office does not get state and federal funding.	entailment
1068	Sunraider does not yearn to know who his mother is, and Hickman wants to know how Bliss became Sunraider.	Sunraider knows the identity of his mother.	contradiction
1069	Sunraider yearns to know who his mother is, and Hickman wants to know how Bliss became Sunraider.	Sunraider does not know the identity of his mother.	entailment
1070	Sunraider does not yearn to know who his mother is, and Hickman wants to know how Bliss became Sunraider.	Sunraider does not know the identity of his mother.	entailment
1071	The Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art did not just hire its new head away from Disney.	The new head of the Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art was just hired away from Disney.	contradiction
1072	The Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art just hired its new head away from Disney.	The new head of the Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art was not just hired away from Disney.	contradiction
1073	The Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art did not just hire its new head away from Disney.	The new head of the Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art was not just hired away from Disney.	entailment
1074	The United States has not facilitated the importation of foreign agricultural workers in response to alleged shortages of workers in the United States for many years under various programs.	The shortage of workers in the United States is the result of a bad economy.	neutral
1075	The United States has facilitated the importation of foreign agricultural workers in response to alleged shortages of workers in the United States for many years under various programs.	The shortage of workers in the United States is not the result of a bad economy.	neutral
1076	The United States has not facilitated the importation of foreign agricultural workers in response to alleged shortages of workers in the United States for many years under various programs.	The shortage of workers in the United States is not the result of a bad economy.	neutral
1077	Advertisers do not frequently urge us to rebel, and they frequently urge us to conform.	Advertisers urge us to do things.	neutral
1078	Advertisers frequently urge us to rebel, and they frequently urge us to conform.	Advertisers do not urge us to do things.	contradiction
1079	Advertisers do not frequently urge us to rebel, and they frequently urge us to conform.	Advertisers do not urge us to do things.	neutral
1080	I do not hope you will come around to seeing things my way.'	There was a subtle threat in her voice as she said 'I believe you will come around to seeing things my way.'	neutral
1081	I do hope you will come around to seeing things my way.'	There was not a subtle threat in her voice as she said 'I believe you will come around to seeing things my way.'	neutral
1082	I do not hope you will come around to seeing things my way.'	There was not a subtle threat in her voice as she said 'I believe you will come around to seeing things my way.'	neutral
1083	But these are not the trivia of what he left me and my sister.	But these are the answers of what he left me and my sister.	neutral
1084	But these are the trivia of what he left me and my sister.	But these are not the answers of what he left me and my sister.	entailment
1085	But these are not the trivia of what he left me and my sister.	But these are not the answers of what he left me and my sister.	neutral
1086	The car was not waiting, and I drove back.	The car left and I stayed.	contradiction
1087	The car was waiting, and I drove back.	The car did not leave and I stayed.	contradiction
1088	The car was not waiting, and I drove back.	The car did not leave and I stayed.	contradiction
1089	And, as SurfWatch's promotional literature is happy to point out, filters can not help protect management from liability for permitting sexually explicit material in the workplace.	In the past, management has been held liable for allowing explicit material in the workplace.	neutral
1090	And, as SurfWatch's promotional literature is happy to point out, filters can help protect management from liability for permitting sexually explicit material in the workplace.	In the past, management has not been held liable for allowing explicit material in the workplace.	neutral
1091	And, as SurfWatch's promotional literature is happy to point out, filters can not help protect management from liability for permitting sexually explicit material in the workplace.	In the past, management has not been held liable for allowing explicit material in the workplace.	neutral
1092	Youth is a not failing only too easily outgrown.	The idea of youth is a fault that is overcome easily by growth.	contradiction
1093	Youth is a failing only too easily outgrown.	The idea of youth is not a fault that is overcome easily by growth.	contradiction
1094	Youth is a not failing only too easily outgrown.	The idea of youth is not a fault that is overcome easily by growth.	entailment
1095	The fire did not burn, and it destroys.	The fire destroyed it.	entailment
1096	The fire burns, and it destroys.	The fire did not destroy it.	contradiction
1097	The fire did not burn, and it destroys.	The fire did not destroy it.	contradiction
1098	The Commission states that it does not believe that the rule and amendments as adopted impose a smaller burden upon small brokers and dealers than any of the alternatives.	The rule is much tougher on the larger businesses and established traders.	neutral
1099	The Commission states that it believes that the rule and amendments as adopted impose a smaller burden upon small brokers and dealers than any of the alternatives.	The rule is not tougher on the larger businesses and established traders.	neutral
1100	The Commission states that it does not believe that the rule and amendments as adopted impose a smaller burden upon small brokers and dealers than any of the alternatives.	The rule is not tougher on the larger businesses and established traders.	neutral
1101	Centrelink is not a one-stop shop that pays a variety of Australian government benefits.	Centrelink pays a number of Australian government benefits.	entailment
1102	Centrelink is a one-stop shop that pays a variety of Australian government benefits.	Centrelink does not pay a number of Australian government benefits.	contradiction
1103	Centrelink is not a one-stop shop that pays a variety of Australian government benefits.	Centrelink does not pay a number of Australian government benefits.	contradiction
1104	As a share of GDP, federal taxes have not been stable under Clinton.	Under Clinton, federal taxes have been remarkably volatile as a share of GDP.	entailment
1105	As a share of GDP, federal taxes have been roughly stable under Clinton.	Under Clinton, federal taxes have not been remarkably volatile as a share of GDP.	entailment
1106	As a share of GDP, federal taxes have not been stable under Clinton.	Under Clinton, federal taxes have not been remarkably volatile as a share of GDP.	contradiction
1107	The number of individuals seeking relief from the floods across South Texas did not increase by more than 1,000 on Tuesday.	Everyone in Texas avoided the flooding.	neutral
1108	The number of individuals seeking relief from the floods across South Texas increased by more than 1,000 Tuesday, bringing the total to 5,855, he said.	Everyone in Texas didn't avoid the flooding.	neutral
1109	The number of individuals seeking relief from the floods across South Texas did not increase by more than 1,000 on Tuesday.	Everyone in Texas didn't avoid the flooding.	neutral
1110	The economy could not be better.	It still have room for improvement.	contradiction
1111	The economy could be still better.	It does not have room for improvement.	contradiction
1112	The economy could not be better.	It does not have room for improvement.	entailment
1113	Injury is not a motivator to reduce drinking.	Aversion therapy applied to excessive drinking.	neutral
1114	Injury as a motivator to reduce drinking.	Aversion therapy not applied to excessive drinking.	neutral
1115	Injury is not a motivator to reduce drinking.	Aversion therapy not applied to excessive drinking.	neutral
1116	The others didn't look to Jon.	Jon was looked to by the others.	contradiction
1117	The others looked to Jon.	Jon was not looked to by the others.	contradiction
1118	The others didn't look to Jon.	Jon was not looked to by the others.	entailment
1119	Do not consider the United States Postal Service.	Ponder on the United States Postal Service.	contradiction
1120	Consider the United States Postal Service.	Do not ponder on the United States Postal Service.	contradiction
1121	Do not consider the United States Postal Service.	Do not ponder on the United States Postal Service.	entailment
1122	Because every generation is not responsible for the economy it passes on to the next, today's fiscal policy choices must not be informed by the long-term.	No one has control over the economy.	neutral
1123	Because every generation is in part responsible for the economy it passes on to the next, today's fiscal policy choices must be informed by the long-term.	No one has no control over the economy.	neutral
1124	Because every generation is not responsible for the economy it passes on to the next, today's fiscal policy choices must not be informed by the long-term.	No one has no control over the economy.	neutral
1125	Generally, LC mail is not lighter than AO mail.	AO mail is almost always heavier than LC mail.	contradiction
1126	Generally, LC mail is lighter than AO mail.	AO mail is almost never heavier than LC mail.	contradiction
1127	Generally, LC mail is not lighter than AO mail.	AO mail is almost never heavier than LC mail.	entailment
1128	The room was not as she had left it.	The room was the same as when she left, which surprised her.	contradiction
1129	The room was as she had left it.	The room was not the same as when she left, which surprised her.	contradiction
1130	The room was not as she had left it.	The room was not the same as when she left, which surprised her.	entailment
1131	The NAACP's Fort Worth Justice Project will not get $49,000.	The NAACP's project will get almost $50,000.	contradiction
1132	The NAACP's Fort Worth Justice Project will get $49,000.	The NAACP's project will not get almost $50,000.	contradiction
1133	The NAACP's Fort Worth Justice Project will not get $49,000.	The NAACP's project will not get almost $50,000.	entailment
1134	Pete Stark is not leading a crusade to stop the practice.	The practice is evil, and Pete Stark is the hero.	neutral
1135	Pete Stark is leading a crusade to stop the practice.	The practice is not evil, and Pete Stark is the hero.	neutral
1136	Pete Stark is not leading a crusade to stop the practice.	The practice is not evil, and Pete Stark is the hero.	neutral
1137	No one has even not been seriously injured at the UFC.	Many people have been seriously injured at UFC.	neutral
1138	No one has even been seriously injured at the UFC.	Many people have not been seriously injured at UFC.	entailment
1139	No one has even not been seriously injured at the UFC.	Many people have not been seriously injured at UFC.	neutral
1140	These initiatives do not include working with providers to ensure that medical records support billed services.	The initiatives will make medical care run more smoothly.	neutral
1141	These initiatives include working with providers to ensure that medical records support billed services.	The initiatives will not make medical care run more smoothly.	neutral
1142	These initiatives do not include working with providers to ensure that medical records support billed services.	The initiatives will not make medical care run more smoothly.	neutral
1143	And, while this sounds like a cliche, it's undoubtedly  Parcells does not make his players believe they can win, so they do.	Because Parcells makes his players think they can win, they do.	contradiction
1144	And, while this sounds like a cliche, it's undoubtedly  Parcells makes his players believe they can win, so they do.	Because Parcells does not make his players think they can win, they do.	contradiction
1145	And, while this sounds like a cliche, it's undoubtedly  Parcells does not make his players believe they can win, so they do.	Because Parcells does not make his players think they can win, they do.	entailment
1146	For example, desktop platforms and software do not vary among business units depending on the unique needs of each business area.	Software and hardware  solutions depend on the needs of each business.	contradiction
1147	For example, desktop platforms and software vary among business units depending on the unique needs of each business area.	Software and hardware  solutions do not depend on the needs of each business.	contradiction
1148	For example, desktop platforms and software do not vary among business units depending on the unique needs of each business area.	Software and hardware  solutions do not depend on the needs of each business.	entailment
1149	The work that we do is not the purest form of expression of the core values of all of the major faith traditions.	All major faith traditions have a core value that our work exemplifies.	contradiction
1150	The work that we do is the purest form of expression of the core values of all of the major faith traditions.	All major faith traditions lack a core value that our work exemplifies.	contradiction
1151	The work that we do is not the purest form of expression of the core values of all of the major faith traditions.	All major faith traditions lack a core value that our work exemplifies.	entailment
1152	The Liberal Humanitarians are not a product of the post-Cold War peace.	Post-Cold War peace resulted in the creation of The Liberal Humanitarians.	contradiction
1153	The Liberal Humanitarians are a product of the post-Cold War peace.	Post-Cold War peace did not result in the creation of The Liberal Humanitarians.	contradiction
1154	The Liberal Humanitarians are not a product of the post-Cold War peace.	Post-Cold War peace did not result in the creation of The Liberal Humanitarians.	entailment
1155	Otherwise, I'll think of something else."  Dave didn't follow the man out into the clearing.	Dave followed the man while they spoke to each other.	contradiction
1156	Otherwise, I'll think of something else."  Dave followed the man out into the clearing.	Dave didn't follow the man while they spoke to each other.	contradiction
1157	Otherwise, I'll think of something else."  Dave didn't follow the man out into the clearing.	Dave didn't follow the man while they spoke to each other.	entailment
1158	having not hurt my wrist.	Having severely slashed my wrist.	contradiction
1159	having hurt my wrist.	Having not slashed my wrist.	neutral
1160	having not hurt my wrist.	Having not slashed my wrist.	entailment
1161	It's not his job."	It's his job to worry about you.	contradiction
1162	It's his job."	It's not his job to worry about you.	neutral
1163	It's not his job."	It's not his job to worry about you.	neutral
1164	Shortly after taking office, he didn't entertain Frank Zappa on a state visit.	He entertained Frank Zaappa after taking office.	contradiction
1165	Shortly after taking office, he entertained Frank Zappa on a state visit.	He didn't entertain Frank Zaappa after taking office.	contradiction
1166	Shortly after taking office, he didn't entertain Frank Zappa on a state visit.	He didn't entertain Frank Zaappa after taking office.	entailment
1167	A lot of extra cars were not parked around the town- cameras and notebooks were in evidence.	There were many more cars than normal in the town.	contradiction
1168	A lot of extra cars were parked around the town- cameras and notebooks were in evidence.	There were not many more cars than normal in the town.	contradiction
1169	A lot of extra cars were not parked around the town- cameras and notebooks were in evidence.	There were not many more cars than normal in the town.	neutral
1170	Drew didn't sit watching the dust arise again as the trio of riders pounded away.	Drew watched the three riders ride away.	neutral
1171	Drew sat watching the dust arise again as the trio of riders pounded away.	Drew didn't watch the three riders ride away.	contradiction
1172	Drew didn't sit watching the dust arise again as the trio of riders pounded away.	Drew didn't watch the three riders ride away.	entailment
1173	They didn't eat in silence, enjoying the cool shade of the bluff.	They stood under the tall oak tree, quietly enjoying the sunlight.	neutral
1174	They ate in silence, enjoying the cool shade of the bluff.	They didn't stand under the tall oak tree, quietly enjoying the sunlight.	neutral
1175	They didn't eat in silence, enjoying the cool shade of the bluff.	They didn't stand under the tall oak tree, quietly enjoying the sunlight.	neutral
1176	There is nothing artificial even about this heart of mine, he wrote in 1886.	He was saying exactly how he felt.	entailment
1177	There is something artificial even about this heart of mine, he wrote in 1886.	He was not saying exactly how he felt.	neutral
1178	There is nothing artificial even about this heart of mine, he wrote in 1886.	He was not saying exactly how he felt.	contradiction
1179	Different metrics may not be useful for an audit, depending on the objectives and status of an acquisition.	The objectives and statuses of an acquisition include making sure their product is made out of plastic.	neutral
1180	Different metrics may be useful for an audit, depending on the objectives and status of an acquisition.	The objectives and statuses of an acquisition do not include making sure their product is made out of plastic.	neutral
1181	Different metrics may not be useful for an audit, depending on the objectives and status of an acquisition.	The objectives and statuses of an acquisition do not include making sure their product is made out of plastic.	neutral
1182	The one area where Stevenson does not have it correct is that it is increasingly hard to educate young people about the real dangers of drug use.	Stevenson is typically wrong, but he is right when discussing drug use and educating youth.	contradiction
1183	The one area where Stevenson has it correct is that it is increasingly hard to educate young people about the real dangers of drug use.	Stevenson is not typically wrong, but he is right when discussing drug use and educating youth.	neutral
1184	The one area where Stevenson does not have it correct is that it is increasingly hard to educate young people about the real dangers of drug use.	Stevenson is not typically wrong, but he is right when discussing drug use and educating youth.	contradiction
1185	Things could not go poorly in these caves.	Things will certainly go well in these caves.	entailment
1186	Things could go poorly in these caves.	Things will certainly not go well in these caves.	entailment
1187	Things could not go poorly in these caves.	Things will certainly not go well in these caves.	contradiction
1188	1 The information obtained from these reports does not become part of the publically available data base known as the Toxic Release Inventory or TRI.	The information will be very useful in the near future.	neutral
1189	1 The information obtained from these reports becomes part of the publically available data base known as the Toxic Release Inventory or TRI.	The information will not be very useful in the near future.	neutral
1190	1 The information obtained from these reports does not become part of the publically available data base known as the Toxic Release Inventory or TRI.	The information will not be very useful in the near future.	neutral
1191	He was not more than five feet, four inches, but carried himself with great dignity.	The man was 6 foot tall.	contradiction
1192	He was hardly more than five feet, four inches, but carried himself with great dignity.	The man was not 6 foot tall.	entailment
1193	He was not more than five feet, four inches, but carried himself with great dignity.	The man was not 6 foot tall.	entailment
1194	Fiss' analysis of the Mapplethorpe case does not offer a good example of the perils of his interventionist approach.	Fiss' analysis of a interventionist approach shows that it is free from danger.	neutral
1195	Fiss' analysis of the Mapplethorpe case offers a good example of the perils of his interventionist approach.	Fiss' analysis of a interventionist approach does not show that it is free from danger.	neutral
1196	Fiss' analysis of the Mapplethorpe case does not offer a good example of the perils of his interventionist approach.	Fiss' analysis of a interventionist approach does not show that it is free from danger.	neutral
1197	He did not retaliate by filing one against her.	Her retaliation was even worse.	neutral
1198	He retaliated by filing one against her.	Her retaliation was not worse.	neutral
1199	He did not retaliate by filing one against her.	Her retaliation was not worse.	neutral
1200	Effective management of an organization's workforce-its human capital-is not essential to achieving results and an important part of internal control.	The management is in place to keep the workers happy.	neutral
1201	Effective management of an organization's workforce-its human capital-is essential to achieving results and an important part of internal control.	The management is not in place to keep the workers happy.	neutral
1202	Effective management of an organization's workforce-its human capital-is not essential to achieving results and an important part of internal control.	The management is not in place to keep the workers happy.	neutral
1203	In addition, many federal CFOs do not have primary leadership responsibility for implementing the Results Act at the department or agency level.	Many CFOs are in charge of the Results Act.	contradiction
1204	In addition, many federal CFOs have primary leadership responsibility for implementing the Results Act at the department or agency level.	Many CFOs are not in charge of the Results Act.	contradiction
1205	In addition, many federal CFOs do not have primary leadership responsibility for implementing the Results Act at the department or agency level.	Many CFOs are not in charge of the Results Act.	entailment
1206	The lag reflects the fact that the rate of return on U.S. assets abroad consistently did not exceed the return on foreign-owned assets in the United States.	The return on us assets abroad exceeds us foreign owned assets	contradiction
1207	The lag reflects the fact that the rate of return on U.S. assets abroad consistently exceeded the return on foreign-owned assets in the United States.	The return on us assets abroad does not exceed us foreign owned assets	contradiction
1208	The lag reflects the fact that the rate of return on U.S. assets abroad consistently did not exceed the return on foreign-owned assets in the United States.	The return on us assets abroad does not exceed us foreign owned assets	entailment
1209	I ”I do not believe so.	He was indeed a gay man.	neutral
1210	I ”I believe so.	He was not a gay man.	neutral
1211	I ”I do not believe so.	He was not a gay man.	neutral
1212	I did not realize a lot of things as we traveled.	While we were travelling, I realized many things.	contradiction
1213	I realized a lot of things as we traveled.	While we were travelling, I did not realize many things.	contradiction
1214	I did not realize a lot of things as we traveled.	While we were travelling, I did not realize many things.	entailment
1215	It's not afterward that the trouble starts.	The trouble started after.	contradiction
1216	It's afterward that the trouble starts.	The trouble did not start after.	contradiction
1217	It's not afterward that the trouble starts.	The trouble did not start after.	entailment
1218	Further details are not provided in Appendix 5.2.	The appendix has more information.	contradiction
1219	Further details are provided in Appendix 5.2.	The appendix does not have more information.	contradiction
1220	Further details are not provided in Appendix 5.2.	The appendix does not have more information.	entailment
1221	He was not good, worse than Jon let on, said the Kal.	The Kal knew that the man was a better sword fighter than Jon told people about.	contradiction
1222	He was good, better than Jon let on, said the Kal.	The Kal knew that the man was not a better sword fighter than Jon told people about.	contradiction
1223	He was not good, worse than Jon let on, said the Kal.	The Kal knew that the man was not a better sword fighter than Jon told people about.	neutral
1224	According to USA Today , most of the country will not experience cloudy weather Tuesday.	The weather on Tuesday will be sunny.	neutral
1225	According to USA Today , most of the country will experience cloudy but good weather Tuesday.	The weather on Tuesday will not be sunny.	entailment
1226	According to USA Today , most of the country will not experience cloudy weather Tuesday.	The weather on Tuesday will not be sunny.	neutral
1227	David Hall, director of Texas Rural Legal Aid in Weslaco, said legal services for the poor in the Rio Grande Valley are not inadequate and do not need a dramatic increase in funding.	David Hall is sponsoring a legislative bill that addresses the funding shortfall.	neutral
1228	David Hall, director of Texas Rural Legal Aid in Weslaco, said legal services for the poor in the Rio Grande Valley are inadequate and need a dramatic increase in funding.	David Hall is not sponsoring a legislative bill that addresses the funding shortfall.	neutral
1229	David Hall, director of Texas Rural Legal Aid in Weslaco, said legal services for the poor in the Rio Grande Valley are not inadequate and do not need a dramatic increase in funding.	David Hall is not sponsoring a legislative bill that addresses the funding shortfall.	neutral
1230	Trial lawyers did not court him and his party with tons of money.	He was offered a lot of money by trial lawyers.	contradiction
1231	Trial lawyers courted him and his party with tons of money.	He was not offered a lot of money by trial lawyers.	contradiction
1232	Trial lawyers did not court him and his party with tons of money.	He was not offered a lot of money by trial lawyers.	entailment
1233	We've all don't have our campaign ribbons from the war of HR22.	They all have their campaign ribbons from the war of HR22	contradiction
1234	We've all got our campaign ribbons from the war of HR22.	They all don't have their campaign ribbons from the war of HR22	contradiction
1235	We've all don't have our campaign ribbons from the war of HR22.	They all don't have their campaign ribbons from the war of HR22	entailment
1236	These patients were not more likely to be young, male, disheveled, uninsured, and low income.	The patients were more likely to be young men with low incomes.	contradiction
1237	These patients were more likely to be young, male, disheveled, uninsured, and low income.	The patients were not more likely to be young men with low incomes.	contradiction
1238	These patients were not more likely to be young, male, disheveled, uninsured, and low income.	The patients were not more likely to be young men with low incomes.	entailment
1239	For the moment, I didn't set aside any suspicions of her.	I set aside my worries.	contradiction
1240	For the moment, I set aside utterly any suspicions of her.	I did not set aside my worries.	contradiction
1241	For the moment, I didn't set aside any suspicions of her.	I did not set aside my worries.	entailment
1242	Downey does not serve on the advisory board of SpeakOut.com, a Washington-based startup that aims to empower users to interact with decision-makers through a community Web service.	Speakout.com is very popular with average citizens.	neutral
1243	Downey serves on the advisory board of SpeakOut.com, a Washington-based startup that aims to empower users to interact with decision-makers through a community Web service.	Speakout.com is not very popular with average citizens.	neutral
1244	Downey does not serve on the advisory board of SpeakOut.com, a Washington-based startup that aims to empower users to interact with decision-makers through a community Web service.	Speakout.com is not very popular with average citizens.	neutral
1245	We do not get a lot of that, she said, noting that so far only Lavar Bud Stark is pitching in.	Not many people want to pitch in.	entailment
1246	We get a lot of that, she said, noting that so far only Lavar Bud Stark is pitching in.	Many people want to pitch in.	contradiction
1247	We do not get a lot of that, she said, noting that so far only Lavar Bud Stark is pitching in.	Many people want to pitch in.	contradiction
1248	Oh, listen, I was not pregnant during those years.	At the time, I was pregnant.	contradiction
1249	Oh, listen, I was so pregnant during those years.	At the time, I was not pregnant.	contradiction
1250	Oh, listen, I was not pregnant during those years.	At the time, I was not pregnant.	entailment
1251	She's never been concerned with helping people.	She was always selfish.	entailment
1252	She's always been concerned with helping people.	She was never selfish.	entailment
1253	She's never been concerned with helping people.	She was never selfish.	contradiction
1254	mail was not used by non-households to send and pay bills to other non-households).	Mail used by non-households to pay bills to other non-households is a very effective method.	contradiction
1255	mail used by non-households to send and pay bills to other non-households).	Mail used by non-households to pay bills to other non-households is not a very effective method.	neutral
1256	mail was not used by non-households to send and pay bills to other non-households).	Mail used by non-households to pay bills to other non-households is not a very effective method.	contradiction
1257	We have not exposed the counterrevolutionary machinations of Richard Ford and Amy Tan.	We managed to stumble upon undiscovered information, and that helped us expose them.	contradiction
1258	We have exposed the counterrevolutionary machinations of Richard Ford and Amy Tan.	We did not manage to stumble upon undiscovered information, and that didn't help us expose them.	neutral
1259	We have not exposed the counterrevolutionary machinations of Richard Ford and Amy Tan.	We did not manage to stumble upon undiscovered information, and that didn't help us expose them.	neutral
1260	This was not going to work.	We thought it out ahead of time	neutral
1261	This was going to work.	We did not think it out ahead of time	neutral
1262	This was not going to work.	We did not think it out ahead of time	neutral
1263	The Justice Department did not concede that the Council of Economic Advisors was subject to GAOas access authority and did not provide the records.	The Justice Department refused to concede that GAO had authority in the case of the Council of Economic Advisors.	entailment
1264	The Justice Department ultimately conceded that the Council of Economic Advisors was subject to GAOas access authority and provided the records.	The Justice Department conceded that GAO had authority in the case of the Council of Economic Advisors.	entailment
1265	The Justice Department did not concede that the Council of Economic Advisors was subject to GAOas access authority and did not provide the records.	The Justice Department conceded that GAO had authority in the case of the Council of Economic Advisors.	contradiction
1266	The newswoman did not help arrange a larger apartment and psychiatric care for the family.	Psychiatric care was provided for the family members.	contradiction
1267	The newswoman helped arrange a larger apartment and psychiatric care for the family.	Psychiatric care was not provided for the family members.	contradiction
1268	The newswoman did not help arrange a larger apartment and psychiatric care for the family.	Psychiatric care was not provided for the family members.	entailment
1269	He didn't have to shield the cord from the sun stuff, but that could be done.	He'd have to protect the shield from the sun things.	contradiction
1270	He'd have to shield the cord from the sun stuff, but that could be done.	He didn't have to protect the shield from the sun things.	contradiction
1271	He didn't have to shield the cord from the sun stuff, but that could be done.	He didn't have to protect the shield from the sun things.	entailment
1272	Well, he didn't show them.	He beat them up.	neutral
1273	Well, he showed them.	He did not beat them up.	neutral
1274	Well, he didn't show them.	He did not beat them up.	neutral
1275	A shorter Newsweek story does not label these dropouts Young Unhappy Professionals (unhappy, that is, till they drop out).	The Newsweek story was very long.	contradiction
1276	A shorter Newsweek story labels these dropouts Young Unhappy Professionals (unhappy, that is, till they drop out).	The Newsweek story was not very long.	entailment
1277	A shorter Newsweek story does not label these dropouts Young Unhappy Professionals (unhappy, that is, till they drop out).	The Newsweek story was not very long.	entailment
1278	There is not subtle sexism in  The female domestic tycoon is not obliged to behave better than the guys.	The Female Domestic Tycoon is sexist because it says that men are better than women	neutral
1279	There is a subtle sexism in  The female domestic tycoon is obliged to behave better than the guys.	The Female Domestic Tycoon is not sexist because it does not say that men are better than women	neutral
1280	There is not subtle sexism in  The female domestic tycoon is not obliged to behave better than the guys.	The Female Domestic Tycoon is not sexist because it does not say that men are better than women	neutral
1281	That does not bear out my little idea entirely.	This helps us move along in our investigation.	neutral
1282	That bears out my little idea entirely.	This did not help us move along in our investigation.	neutral
1283	That does not bear out my little idea entirely.	This did not help us move along in our investigation.	neutral
1284	This skewness results from mail volume being highly correlated with income and U.S. income distribution was not more skewed than Italian income distribution.	Italy has a more fair system.	neutral
1285	This skewness results from mail volume being highly correlated with income and U.S. income distribution being much more skewed than Italian income distribution.	Italy does not have a more fair system.	neutral
1286	This skewness results from mail volume being highly correlated with income and U.S. income distribution was not more skewed than Italian income distribution.	Italy does not have a more fair system.	neutral
1287	They are not classified as (a) offsetting receipts (i.e.	It's a good thing that they fall under this category.	neutral
1288	They are classified as (a) offsetting receipts (i.e.	It's not a good thing that they fall under this category.	neutral
1289	They are not classified as (a) offsetting receipts (i.e.	It's not a good thing that they fall under this category.	neutral
1290	You don't want me to flush him out of hiding.'	You want to make him come out and how himself.	contradiction
1291	You want me to flush him out of hiding.'	You don't want to make him come out and show himself.	contradiction
1292	You don't want me to flush him out of hiding.'	You don't want to make him come out and show himself.	entailment
1293	They don't look to Washington to mitigate the new economy's negative consequences.	Washington is being looked at to fix the economy's negative aspects.	contradiction
1294	They look to Washington to mitigate the new economy's negative consequences.	Washington is not being looked at to fix the economy's negative aspects.	contradiction
1295	They don't look to Washington to mitigate the new economy's negative consequences.	Washington is not being looked at to fix the economy's negative aspects.	entailment
1296	I did not wait until I heard the outside door clank shutbefore I followed.	I was following even before the outside door shut.	entailment
1297	I waiteduntil I heard the outside door clank shutbefore I followed.	I did not follow before the outside door shut.	entailment
1298	I did not wait until I heard the outside door clank shutbefore I followed.	I did not follow before the outside door shut.	contradiction
1299	Of course, the pair does not end up in the middle of every conflagration.	The pair ends up in the middle of the drama.	neutral
1300	Of course, the pair ends up in the middle of every conflagration.	The pair does not end up in the middle of the drama.	contradiction
1301	Of course, the pair does not end up in the middle of every conflagration.	The pair does not end up in the middle of the drama.	neutral
1302	Tuppence was not in that house!	That's the house that Tuppence was in.	contradiction
1303	Tuppence was in that house!	That's not the house that Tuppence was in.	contradiction
1304	Tuppence was not in that house!	That's not the house that Tuppence was in.	entailment
1305	This column, as my first in the Strange Bed, is not free of history.	This column is free of history.	contradiction
1306	This column, as my first in the Strange Bed, is free of history.	This column is not free of history.	contradiction
1307	This column, as my first in the Strange Bed, is not free of history.	This column is not free of history.	entailment
1308	San'doro did not stand.	San'doro stayed seated.	neutral
1309	San'doro stood.	San'doro did not stay seated.	entailment
1310	San'doro did not stand.	San'doro did not stay seated.	neutral
1311	I'd say Oro has not him some real competition at last.	Oro finally has real competition.	contradiction
1312	I'd say Oro has him some real competition at last.	Oro finally has not real competition.	contradiction
1313	I'd say Oro has not him some real competition at last.	Oro finally has not real competition.	entailment
1314	The boilermaker's union is not working to recruit new members into their apprenticeship programs, which takes four years to complete.	The apprenticeship program for boilermakers will take 3 years to finish.	contradiction
1315	The boilermaker's union is working to recruit new members into their apprenticeship programs, which takes four years to complete.	The apprenticeship program for boilermakers will not take 3 years to finish.	entailment
1316	The boilermaker's union is not working to recruit new members into their apprenticeship programs, which takes four years to complete.	The apprenticeship program for boilermakers will not take 3 years to finish.	neutral
1317	All these attractions can not be bridled, but the amount and nature of the necessary effort differs by food type and by circumstance.	It takes a tremendous effort to cook at the attractions.	neutral
1318	All these attractions can be bridled, but the amount and nature of the necessary effort differs by food type and by circumstance.	It does not take a tremendous effort to cook at the attractions.	neutral
1319	All these attractions can not be bridled, but the amount and nature of the necessary effort differs by food type and by circumstance.	It does not take a tremendous effort to cook at the attractions.	neutral
1320	Her current favorite is not Audrey Seville.	Many people's favorite is Audrey Seville.	neutral
1321	Her current favorite is Audrey Seville.	Many people's favorite is not Audrey Seville.	neutral
1322	Her current favorite is not Audrey Seville.	Many people's favorite is not Audrey Seville.	neutral
1323	These investigations are now not taking more of my time and energy than the Standard Oil itself.	These investigations are requiring me to commit more time and strength than the Standard Oil.	contradiction
1324	These investigations are now taking more of my time and energy than the Standard Oil itself.	These investigations are not requiring me to commit more time and strength than the Standard Oil.	contradiction
1325	These investigations are now not taking more of my time and energy than the Standard Oil itself.	These investigations are not requiring me to commit more time and strength than the Standard Oil.	entailment
1326	The newly convened group is not supposed to deliver its findings by October 2001, when the current ban on e-commerce taxes expires.	The findings of the new group are supposed to be reported in 2001.	contradiction
1327	The newly convened group is supposed to deliver its findings by October 2001, when the current ban on e-commerce taxes expires.	The findings of the new group are not supposed to be reported in 2001.	contradiction
1328	The newly convened group is not supposed to deliver its findings by October 2001, when the current ban on e-commerce taxes expires.	The findings of the new group are not supposed to be reported in 2001.	entailment
1329	But the Army does not show the process can work, and can help.	The army promises that it can help if the process is used.	neutral
1330	But the Army shows the process can work, and can help.	The army does not promise that it can help if the process is used.	neutral
1331	But the Army does not show the process can work, and can help.	The army does not promise that it can help if the process is used.	neutral
1332	And the editor did not hear Jacob's plea.	Jacob's second plea was heard by the editor.	contradiction
1333	And the editor heard Jacob's plea.	Jacob's second plea was not heard by the editor.	neutral
1334	And the editor did not hear Jacob's plea.	Jacob's second plea was not heard by the editor.	entailment
1335	Output - A tabulation, calculation, or recording of activity or effort that can not be expressed in a quantitative or qualitative manner.	Output is a calculation that can be expressed as a number in the millions.	contradiction
1336	Output - A tabulation, calculation, or recording of activity or effort that can be expressed in a quantitative or qualitative manner.	Output is a calculation that can not be expressed as a number in the millions.	contradiction
1337	Output - A tabulation, calculation, or recording of activity or effort that can not be expressed in a quantitative or qualitative manner.	Output is a calculation that can not be expressed as a number in the millions.	entailment
1338	That is not the case, said the doctor quietly.	The doctor quietly agreed with the girl.	neutral
1339	That is the case, said the doctor quietly.	The doctor quietly did not agree with the girl.	neutral
1340	That is not the case, said the doctor quietly.	The doctor quietly did not agree with the girl.	neutral
1341	They did not refinance in August 1998 with Advanta, a subprime lender that charged 10 percent interest.	The lender charged a lot of interest.	contradiction
1342	They refinanced in August 1998 with Advanta, a subprime lender that charged 10 percent interest.	The lender did not charge a lot of interest.	contradiction
1343	They did not refinance in August 1998 with Advanta, a subprime lender that charged 10 percent interest.	The lender did not charge a lot of interest.	contradiction
1344	To arrive before the time would not look over-eager.	Arriving a little bit late makes one appear inconsiderate.	neutral
1345	To arrive before the time would look over-eager.	Arriving a little bit late does not make one appear inconsiderate.	neutral
1346	To arrive before the time would not look over-eager.	Arriving a little bit late does not make one appear inconsiderate.	neutral
1347	A sentry post on the main house was not occupied twenty-four hours a day by relays of Pimas.	Relays of Pimas occupied a sentry post on the main house.	neutral
1348	A sentry post on the main house was occupied twenty-four hours a day by relays of Pimas.	Relays of Pimas did not occupy a sentry post on the main house.	contradiction
1349	A sentry post on the main house was not occupied twenty-four hours a day by relays of Pimas.	Relays of Pimas did not occupy a sentry post on the main house.	neutral
1350	Vaguely she did not feel that deceiving this woman would be very different to deceiving Whittington.	She felt that deceiving this woman would be the same as deceiving Whittington.	entailment
1351	Vaguely she felt that deceiving this woman would be very different to deceiving Whittington.	She did not feel that deceiving this woman would be the same as deceiving Whittington.	entailment
1352	Vaguely she did not feel that deceiving this woman would be very different to deceiving Whittington.	She did not feel that deceiving this woman would be the same as deceiving Whittington.	contradiction
1353	This has not been a most rotten business.	The business is honest and righteous.	neutral
1354	This has been a most rotten business.	The business is not honest and righteous.	entailment
1355	This has not been a most rotten business.	The business is not honest and righteous.	neutral
1356	The Apple-Microsoft deal does not take both covers.	The Apple-Microsoft deal is one way.	entailment
1357	The Apple-Microsoft deal takes both covers.	The Apple-Microsoft deal is not one way.	entailment
1358	The Apple-Microsoft deal does not take both covers.	The Apple-Microsoft deal is not one way.	contradiction
1359	Death of a Salesman , his greatest play, is not about the devastating effects of professional failure.	Death of a Salesman is a play that is loved by millions.	neutral
1360	Death of a Salesman , his greatest play, is about the devastating effects of professional failure.	Death of a Salesman is not a play that is loved by millions.	neutral
1361	Death of a Salesman , his greatest play, is not about the devastating effects of professional failure.	Death of a Salesman is not a play that is loved by millions.	neutral
1362	The quasi-candidacy of Beatty does not prove that Monica Madness collapsed the distinction between the serious and the circus.	The campaign shows that Monica Manson is somewhere between serious and a joke.	neutral
1363	The quasi-candidacy of Beatty proves that Monica Madness collapsed the distinction between the serious and the circus.	The campaign does not show that Monica Manson is somewhere between serious and a joke.	neutral
1364	The quasi-candidacy of Beatty does not prove that Monica Madness collapsed the distinction between the serious and the circus.	The campaign does not show that Monica Manson is somewhere between serious and a joke.	neutral
1365	You're not awfully good, Julius.	You're fantastic, Julius.	contradiction
1366	You're awfully good, Julius.	You're not fantastic, Julius.	contradiction
1367	You're not awfully good, Julius.	You're not fantastic, Julius.	entailment
1368	The big gray did not know very well what was in progress, was tensing now for a swift getaway leap.	The big gray was preparing for a quick getaway jump.	entailment
1369	The big gray knew very well what was in progress, was tensing now for a swift getaway leap.	The big gray was not preparing for a quick getaway jump.	contradiction
1370	The big gray did not know very well what was in progress, was tensing now for a swift getaway leap.	The big gray was not preparing for a quick getaway jump.	contradiction
1371	The inquiry was not turned over to the Inquiry Board and the Board of Inquiries.	The injury was given to the Board of Inquiries.	contradiction
1372	The inquiry was turned over to the Inquiry Board and the Board of Inquiries.	The injury was not given to the Board of Inquiries.	contradiction
1373	The inquiry was not turned over to the Inquiry Board and the Board of Inquiries.	The injury was not given to the Board of Inquiries.	entailment
1374	Because they were not ugly, says the Los Angeles Times . (7/28)	The LA Times said they were beautiful.	neutral
1375	Because they were ugly, says the Los Angeles Times . (7/28)	The LA Times did not say they were beautiful.	entailment
1376	Because they were not ugly, says the Los Angeles Times . (7/28)	The LA Times did not say they were beautiful.	neutral
1377	LSC's Budget Request for FY01 does not include a modest increase of $24 million for grants to local programs.	Housing programs received a large share of the budget increase.	neutral
1378	LSC's Budget Request for FY01 includes a modest increase of $24 million for grants to local programs.	Housing programs did not receive a large share of the budget increase.	neutral
1379	LSC's Budget Request for FY01 does not include a modest increase of $24 million for grants to local programs.	Housing programs did not receive a large share of the budget increase.	neutral
1380	You are not a historian specializing in 18 th -century France.	You were born in the 18th century.	neutral
1381	You are a historian specializing in 18 th -century France.	You were not born in the 18th century.	neutral
1382	You are not a historian specializing in 18 th -century France.	You were not born in the 18th century.	neutral
1383	A sidebar does not report that in the early '90s the CIA nixed a plot by Milosevic's inner circle to overthrow the dictator.	CIA were on board with the plan to overthrow Milosevic, until the UN talks.	neutral
1384	A sidebar reports that in the early '90s the CIA nixed a plot by Milosevic's inner circle to overthrow the dictator.	CIA were not on board with the plan to overthrow Milosevic, until the UN talks.	neutral
1385	A sidebar does not report that in the early '90s the CIA nixed a plot by Milosevic's inner circle to overthrow the dictator.	CIA were not on board with the plan to overthrow Milosevic, until the UN talks.	neutral
1386	After that date her memory is not as good as yours or mine."	The person they are speaking about has good memory.	contradiction
1387	After that date her memory is as good as yours or mine."	The person they are speaking about has not good memory.	contradiction
1388	After that date her memory is not as good as yours or mine."	The person they are speaking about has not good memory.	entailment
1389	Part of the decline may not have been due to general market conditions, but it's doubtful that all of it was.	The decline can be blamed only on the market.	contradiction
1390	Part of the decline may have been due to general market conditions, but it's doubtful that all of it was.	The decline can not be blamed only on the market.	entailment
1391	Part of the decline may not have been due to general market conditions, but it's doubtful that all of it was.	The decline can not be blamed only on the market.	entailment
1392	It's not the animal house!	The animal house is boring.	neutral
1393	It's the animal house!	The animal house is not boring.	entailment
1394	It's not the animal house!	The animal house is not boring.	neutral
1395	He did not wink knowingly to his own self in four years time.	He was solemn.	neutral
1396	He winked knowingly to his own self in four years time.	He was not solemn.	entailment
1397	He did not wink knowingly to his own self in four years time.	He was not solemn.	neutral
1398	We would not be obliged to give evidence at any army hearing, Captain.	There are army hearings.	entailment
1399	We would be obliged to give evidence at any army hearing, Captain.	There are not army hearings.	contradiction
1400	We would not be obliged to give evidence at any army hearing, Captain.	There are not army hearings.	contradiction
1401	The center has not been staffed by GSA's most senior and competent project managers to serve two	The total number of staff at the center, including the overnight crew, is 324.	neutral
1402	The center has been staffed by GSA's most senior and competent project managers to serve two	The total number of staff at the center, including the overnight crew, is not 324.	neutral
1403	The center has not been staffed by GSA's most senior and competent project managers to serve two	The total number of staff at the center, including the overnight crew, is not 324.	neutral
1404	Atlantic Treaty Organization, the Balkans do not remain volatile.	The organization is watching the state of the Balkans.	neutral
1405	Atlantic Treaty Organization, the Balkans remain volatile.	The organization is not watching the state of the Balkans.	neutral
1406	Atlantic Treaty Organization, the Balkans do not remain volatile.	The organization is not watching the state of the Balkans.	neutral
1407	EPA has not prepared both a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the benefits and costs of the rule in the Regulatory Impact Analysis.	The EPA is really good at preparing assessments of Regulatory Impact Analyses.	neutral
1408	EPA has prepared both a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the benefits and costs of the rule in the Regulatory Impact Analysis.	The EPA is not really good at preparing assessments of Regulatory Impact Analyses.	neutral
1409	EPA has not prepared both a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the benefits and costs of the rule in the Regulatory Impact Analysis.	The EPA is not really good at preparing assessments of Regulatory Impact Analyses.	neutral
1410	They do not hire individuals to act as leaders, teachers and resources in this arena.	Their leaders are the most important employees on payroll.	neutral
1411	They hire individuals to act as leaders, teachers and resources in this arena.	Their leaders are not the most important employees on payroll.	neutral
1412	They do not hire individuals to act as leaders, teachers and resources in this arena.	Their leaders are not the most important employees on payroll.	neutral
1413	I did not try.	I did my best.	contradiction
1414	I tried.	I did not do my best.	neutral
1415	I did not try.	I did not do my best.	neutral
1416	It did not end in my being sent to a sanatorium at Bournemouth.	I was the last one to be sent to the sanatorium.	contradiction
1417	It ended in my being sent to a sanatorium at Bournemouth.	I was not the last one to be sent to the sanatorium.	neutral
1418	It did not end in my being sent to a sanatorium at Bournemouth.	I was not the last one to be sent to the sanatorium.	contradiction
1419	Most folks do not have a pretty clear idea of how much pleasure they'll get from their brother's smiles or a few days of sand and surf.	Most people can imagine the amount of joy they will show from a brother's grin.	contradiction
1420	Most folks have a pretty clear idea of how much pleasure they'll get from their brother's smiles or a few days of sand and surf.	Most people can not imagine the amount of joy they will show from a brother's grin.	contradiction
1421	Most folks do not have a pretty clear idea of how much pleasure they'll get from their brother's smiles or a few days of sand and surf.	Most people can not imagine the amount of joy they will show from a brother's grin.	entailment
1422	Tommy did not continue to stare at him.	Tommy stopped looking at him after a second.	entailment
1423	Tommy continued to stare at him.	Tommy did not stop looking at him after a second.	entailment
1424	Tommy did not continue to stare at him.	Tommy did not stop looking at him after a second.	contradiction
1425	A Reporter's Guide to GAO is not available on GAO's Web site www.gao.gov.	The guide is available in hard copy only.	neutral
1426	A Reporter's Guide to GAO is available on GAO's Web site www.gao.gov.	The guide is not available in hard copy only.	entailment
1427	A Reporter's Guide to GAO is not available on GAO's Web site www.gao.gov.	The guide is not available in hard copy only.	neutral
1428	The other did not hesitate.	The other had made up their mind already.	entailment
1429	The other hesitated.	The other had not made up their mind already.	entailment
1430	The other did not hesitate.	The other had not made up their mind already.	contradiction
1431	In a corner, the semi-conscious train conductor was not huddled in fear.	The conductor was relaxed.	neutral
1432	In a corner, the semi-conscious train conductor was huddled in fear.	The conductor was not relaxed.	entailment
1433	In a corner, the semi-conscious train conductor was not huddled in fear.	The conductor was not relaxed.	neutral
1434	He is not troubled over whether to accept donations from the professional kirkbuzzers'* guild.	He knows taking the donation is the right thing to do.	neutral
1435	He is troubled over whether to accept donations from the professional kirkbuzzers'* guild.	He does not know taking the donation is the right thing to do.	entailment
1436	He is not troubled over whether to accept donations from the professional kirkbuzzers'* guild.	He does not know taking the donation is the right thing to do.	contradiction
1437	It must not be pointed out that the cost model is used to estimate costs over an extreme range of volume.	The cost model can estimate costs for a very wide range of volume.	entailment
1438	It must be pointed out that the cost model is used to estimate costs over an extreme range of volume.	The cost model can not estimate costs for a very wide range of volume.	contradiction
1439	It must not be pointed out that the cost model is used to estimate costs over an extreme range of volume.	The cost model can not estimate costs for a very wide range of volume.	contradiction
1440	Lincoln actually did not count then down.	Lincoln counted down from twenty.	contradiction
1441	Lincoln actually counted then down.	Lincoln did not count down from twenty.	neutral
1442	Lincoln actually did not count then down.	Lincoln did not count down from twenty.	neutral
1443	I did not take my stand from the first.	I stood based on the last one.	neutral
1444	I took my stand from the first.	I did not stand based on the last one.	neutral
1445	I did not take my stand from the first.	I did not stand based on the last one.	neutral
1446	We're not getting going.	We're staying.	entailment
1447	We're getting going.	We're not staying.	entailment
1448	We're not getting going.	We're not staying.	contradiction
1449	I'm not right, then.	I am correct then.	contradiction
1450	I'm right, then.	I am not correct then.	contradiction
1451	I'm not right, then.	I am not correct then.	entailment
1452	It does not allow us to measure program performance in more sophisticated ways.	There are ways to measure program performance.	neutral
1453	It allows us to measure program performance in more sophisticated ways.	There are not ways to measure program performance.	contradiction
1454	It does not allow us to measure program performance in more sophisticated ways.	There are not ways to measure program performance.	contradiction
1455	Sales of Bruno Magli shoes are not up 30 percent this year.	Bruno Magli shoes are popular with teen-agers this year.	neutral
1456	Sales of Bruno Magli shoes are up 30 percent this year.	Bruno Magli shoes are not popular with teen-agers this year.	neutral
1457	Sales of Bruno Magli shoes are not up 30 percent this year.	Bruno Magli shoes are not popular with teen-agers this year.	neutral
1458	I would not like to put this report in its proper perspective.	This report is virtually impossible to misinterpret.	neutral
1459	I would like to put this report in its proper perspective.	This report is not virtually impossible to misinterpret.	neutral
1460	I would not like to put this report in its proper perspective.	This report is not virtually impossible to misinterpret.	neutral
1461	I did not leave something to be analysed.	Something still requires analysis.	contradiction
1462	I left something to be analysed.	Something still does not require analysis.	contradiction
1463	I did not leave something to be analysed.	Something still does not require analysis.	entailment
1464	Here I thought they were not just a bunch of losers.	I thought you were all winners over here.	neutral
1465	Here I thought they were just a bunch of losers.	I thought you were not all winners over here.	entailment
1466	Here I thought they were not just a bunch of losers.	I thought you were not all winners over here.	neutral
1467	It is not important that you understand this.	Understanding this is very important.	contradiction
1468	It is important that you understand this.	Understanding this is not very important.	contradiction
1469	It is not important that you understand this.	Understanding this is not very important.	entailment
1470	Its volume did not grow from 30.	Its volume expanded to 40.	neutral
1471	Its volume grew from 30.	Its volume did not expand to 40.	neutral
1472	Its volume did not grow from 30.	Its volume did not expand to 40.	neutral
1473	I can not think of a few reasons for the allergy to substance.	There are reasons why there's an allergy.	neutral
1474	I can think of a few reasons for the allergy to substance.	There are not reasons why there's an allergy.	contradiction
1475	I can not think of a few reasons for the allergy to substance.	There are not reasons why there's an allergy.	neutral
1476	One did not hold the other by the ankles and pushed the creature's hairy face back and forth, while its hands spread the wax ahead of it.	The creature being pushed had a hairy face.	entailment
1477	One held the other by the ankles and pushed the creature's hairy face back and forth, while its hands spread the wax ahead of it.	The creature being pushed did not have a hairy face.	contradiction
1478	One did not hold the other by the ankles and pushed the creature's hairy face back and forth, while its hands spread the wax ahead of it.	The creature being pushed did not have a hairy face.	contradiction
1479	Tuppence did not receive the remark with great disfavour.	Tuppence felt satisfaction with the remark.	neutral
1480	Tuppence received the remark with great disfavour.	Tuppence did not feel satisfaction with the remark.	entailment
1481	Tuppence did not receive the remark with great disfavour.	Tuppence did not feel satisfaction with the remark.	neutral
1482	When indigent citizens get in criminal trouble, public defenders are not made available by law.	Public defenders are paid a low salary.	neutral
1483	When indigent citizens get in criminal trouble, public defenders are made available by law.	Public defenders are not paid a low salary.	neutral
1484	When indigent citizens get in criminal trouble, public defenders are not made available by law.	Public defenders are not paid a low salary.	neutral
1485	In 1993 he was not caught trying to smuggle classified information out in his prison letters.	He refused to give anyone any information.	neutral
1486	In 1993 he was caught trying to smuggle classified information out in his prison letters.	He did not refuse to give anyone any information.	entailment
1487	In 1993 he was not caught trying to smuggle classified information out in his prison letters.	He did not refuse to give anyone any information.	neutral
1488	Adrin did not gallop forward.	Adrin stopped and turned back to where he had come from.	neutral
1489	Adrin galloped forward.	Adrin did not stop and turn back to where he had come from.	entailment
1490	Adrin did not gallop forward.	Adrin did not stop and turn back to where he had come from.	neutral
1491	That does not bear out my little idea entirely.	It turns out I was thinking along the wrong lines.	neutral
1492	That bears out my little idea entirely.	It turns out I was not thinking along the wrong lines.	entailment
1493	That does not bear out my little idea entirely.	It turns out I was not thinking along the wrong lines.	neutral
1494	ACI hardware is not comprised of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel.	ACI hardware gives us a new way to build things.	neutral
1495	ACI hardware is comprised of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel.	ACI hardware does not give us a new way to build things.	neutral
1496	ACI hardware is not comprised of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel.	ACI hardware does not give us a new way to build things.	neutral
1497	Some of those are not available on the Web.	Most come up on the first couple of pages of Google.	neutral
1498	Some of those are available on the Web.	Most do not come up on the first couple of pages of Google.	neutral
1499	Some of those are not available on the Web.	Most do not come up on the first couple of pages of Google.	neutral
