index	Text	Hypothesis	gold_label
0	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is not asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	Her doll brings her comfort.	neutral
1	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	Her doll does not bring her comfort.	contradiction
2	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is not asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	Her doll does not bring her comfort.	neutral
3	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is not asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl is playing with her doll outside.	neutral
4	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl is not playing with her doll outside.	entailment
5	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is not asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl is not playing with her doll outside.	neutral
6	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is not asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is wearing shoes.	contradiction
7	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is not wearing shoes.	entailment
8	A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is not asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is not wearing shoes.	entailment
9	a girl not sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is naked.	contradiction
10	a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is not naked.	entailment
11	a girl not sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is not naked.	entailment
12	a girl not sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is a large.	neutral
13	a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is not a large.	neutral
14	a girl not sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is not a large.	neutral
15	a girl not sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	There is a girl.	entailment
16	a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	There is not a girl.	contradiction
17	a girl not sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	There is not a girl.	contradiction
18	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is in outer space.	neutral
19	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is not in outer space.	entailment
20	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is not in outer space.	neutral
21	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl failing at playing hide and go seek.	neutral
22	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl not failing at playing hide and go seek.	entailment
23	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl not failing at playing hide and go seek.	neutral
24	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl is sleeping.	neutral
25	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl is not sleeping.	contradiction
26	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl is not sleeping.	neutral
27	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is in a sleeping bag.	neutral
28	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is not in a sleeping bag.	neutral
29	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is not in a sleeping bag.	neutral
30	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Some little girls like to sleep with their dolls.	neutral
31	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Some little girls do not like to sleep with their dolls.	neutral
32	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Some little girls do not like to sleep with their dolls.	neutral
33	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Her dolls are in the cabinet.	neutral
34	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Her dolls are not in the cabinet.	entailment
35	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Her dolls are not in the cabinet.	neutral
36	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl napping with her dolls.	contradiction
37	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl not napping with her dolls.	contradiction
38	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl not napping with her dolls.	entailment
39	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She is in a foster home.	neutral
40	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She is not in a foster home.	neutral
41	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She is not in a foster home.	neutral
42	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is near her dolls.	neutral
43	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is not near her dolls.	contradiction
44	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is not near her dolls.	neutral
45	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is watching TV	neutral
46	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is not watching TV	entailment
47	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is not watching TV	neutral
48	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl exhausted after playing with her dolls.	neutral
49	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl is not exhausted after playing with her dolls.	neutral
50	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl is not exhausted after playing with her dolls.	neutral
51	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl has a blanket over her and her dolls.	neutral
52	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl does not have a blanket over her and her dolls.	neutral
53	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl does not have a blanket over her and her dolls.	neutral
54	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	All young children hate to sleep with dolls.	neutral
55	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	All young children do not hate to sleep with dolls.	neutral
56	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	All young children do not hate to sleep with dolls.	neutral
57	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She loves her dolls.	neutral
58	There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She does not love her dolls.	contradiction
59	There is not a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She does not love her dolls.	neutral
60	An African American man not smiling.	The man is crying.	neutral
61	An African American man smiling.	The man is not crying.	entailment
62	An African American man not smiling.	The man is not crying.	neutral
63	An African American man not smiling.	The man is happy.	contradiction
64	An African American man smiling.	The man is not happy.	contradiction
65	An African American man not smiling.	The man is not happy.	entailment
66	An African American man not smiling.	The man is showing his teeth to a doctor.	neutral
67	An African American man smiling.	The man is not showing his teeth to a doctor.	neutral
68	An African American man not smiling.	The man is not showing his teeth to a doctor.	neutral
69	A boy in a red shirt does not walk through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A boy is walking outside.	neutral
70	A boy in a red shirt walks through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A boy is not walking outside.	contradiction
71	A boy in a red shirt does not walk through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A boy is not walking outside.	neutral
72	A boy in a red shirt does not walk through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A grandmother is hiking on a nature trail with her grandson.	neutral
73	A boy in a red shirt walks through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A grandmother is not hiking on a nature trail with her grandson.	neutral
74	A boy in a red shirt does not walk through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A grandmother is not hiking on a nature trail with her grandson.	neutral
75	A boy in a red shirt does not walk through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A elderly woman is being mugged by a young boy dressed in black.	neutral
76	A boy in a red shirt walks through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A elderly woman is not being mugged by a young boy dressed in black.	entailment
77	A boy in a red shirt does not walk through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A elderly woman is not being mugged by a young boy dressed in black.	neutral
78	A man does not stand with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is smiling at something.	contradiction
79	A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is not smiling at something.	contradiction
80	A man does not stand with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is not smiling at something.	entailment
81	A man does not stand with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The man is smiling at a friend.	contradiction
82	A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The man is not smiling at a friend.	neutral
83	A man does not stand with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The man is not smiling at a friend.	neutral
84	A man does not stand with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is getting pissed off.	neutral
85	A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is not getting pissed off.	entailment
86	A man does not stand with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is not getting pissed off.	neutral
87	A bald headed man in business casual attire is not amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is indoors.	neutral
88	A bald headed man in business casual attire is amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is not indoors.	neutral
89	A bald headed man in business casual attire is not amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is not indoors.	neutral
90	A bald headed man in business casual attire is not amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is watching a movie.	neutral
91	A bald headed man in business casual attire is amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is not watching a movie.	contradiction
92	A bald headed man in business casual attire is not amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is not watching a movie.	neutral
93	A bald headed man in business casual attire is not amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is wearing short pants and a muscle shirt.	contradiction
94	A bald headed man in business casual attire is amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is not wearing short pants and a muscle shirt.	entailment
95	A bald headed man in business casual attire is not amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is not wearing short pants and a muscle shirt.	entailment
96	This little girl is not riding her bike.	A young girl plays golf with her father.	neutral
97	This little girl is riding her bike.	A young girl does not play golf with her father.	entailment
98	This little girl is not riding her bike.	A young girl does not play golf with her father.	neutral
99	This little girl is not riding her bike.	A young girl rides her bike.	contradiction
100	This little girl is riding her bike.	A young girl does not ride her bike.	contradiction
101	This little girl is not riding her bike.	A young girl does not ride her bike.	entailment
102	This little girl is not riding her bike.	A young girl rides her bike in the grass.	contradiction
103	This little girl is riding her bike.	A young girl does not ride her bike in the grass.	neutral
104	This little girl is not riding her bike.	A young girl does not ride her bike in the grass.	entailment
105	A man in blue jeans with other people not smiling at someone else.	A man is smiling at his family member.	contradiction
106	A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else.	A man is not smiling at his family member.	neutral
107	A man in blue jeans with other people not smiling at someone else.	A man is not smiling at his family member.	entailment
108	A man in blue jeans with other people not smiling at someone else.	A person wears a pair of pants.	entailment
109	A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else.	A person does not wear a pair of pants.	contradiction
110	A man in blue jeans with other people not smiling at someone else.	A person does not wear a pair of pants.	contradiction
111	A man in blue jeans with other people not smiling at someone else.	A man in khakis frowns at someone else.	neutral
112	A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else.	A man in khakis frowns at someone else.	contradiction
113	A man in blue jeans with other people not smiling at someone else.	A man in khakis frowns at someone else.	neutral
114	A man not sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A woman applying makeup in the mirror.	contradiction
115	A man sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A woman not applying makeup in the mirror.	contradiction
116	A man not sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A woman not applying makeup in the mirror.	contradiction
117	A man not sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man smoking a cigarette in front of a building.	neutral
118	A man sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man not smoking a cigarette in front of a building.	contradiction
119	A man not sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man not smoking a cigarette in front of a building.	neutral
120	A man not sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man sitting outside his home, smoking.	neutral
121	A man sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man not sitting outside his home, smoking.	neutral
122	A man not sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man not sitting outside his home, smoking.	neutral
123	Man in a white t-shirt, not smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is sitting on his stoop.	neutral
124	Man in a white t-shirt, smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is not sitting on his stoop.	neutral
125	Man in a white t-shirt, not smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is not sitting on his stoop.	neutral
126	Man in a white t-shirt, not smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is wearing a green shirt.	contradiction
127	Man in a white t-shirt, smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is not wearing a green shirt.	entailment
128	Man in a white t-shirt, not smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is not wearing a green shirt.	entailment
129	Man in a white t-shirt, not smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is smoking a cigarette.	contradiction
130	Man in a white t-shirt, smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is not smoking a cigarette.	contradiction
131	Man in a white t-shirt, not smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is not smoking a cigarette.	entailment
132	A asian man not smoking on porch.	the man is wearing a robe	neutral
133	A asian man smoking on porch.	the man is not wearing a robe	neutral
134	A asian man not smoking on porch.	the man is not wearing a robe	neutral
135	A asian man not smoking on porch.	the man is outside.	neutral
136	A asian man smoking on porch.	the man is not outside.	contradiction
137	A asian man not smoking on porch.	the man is not outside.	neutral
138	A asian man not smoking on porch.	the man is smoking.	contradiction
139	A asian man smoking on porch.	the man is not smoking.	contradiction
140	A asian man not smoking on porch.	the man is not smoking.	entailment
141	A man in black sneakers is not sitting and smoking.	The man is a world-class sprinter, and has just won the gold medal at the U.S. Track Invitational.	neutral
142	A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking.	The man is not a world-class sprinter, and has just won the gold medal at the U.S. Track Invitational.	neutral
143	A man in black sneakers is not sitting and smoking.	The man is not a world-class sprinter, and has just won the gold medal at the U.S. Track Invitational.	neutral
144	A man in black sneakers is not sitting and smoking.	There is one man in the picture.	entailment
145	A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking.	There is not one man in the picture.	contradiction
146	A man in black sneakers is not sitting and smoking.	There is not one man in the picture.	contradiction
147	A man in black sneakers is not sitting and smoking.	The man is taking a break from his job as a server at the local cafe.	neutral
148	A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking.	The man is not taking a break from his job as a server at the local cafe.	neutral
149	A man in black sneakers is not sitting and smoking.	The man is not taking a break from his job as a server at the local cafe.	neutral
150	A man not sitting on a step.	a man is sitting	neutral
151	A man sitting on a step.	a man not is sitting	contradiction
152	A man not sitting on a step.	a man not is sitting	entailment
153	A man not sitting on a step.	the man is a model	neutral
154	A man sitting on a step.	the man is not a model	neutral
155	A man not sitting on a step.	the man is not a model	neutral
156	A man not sitting on a step.	the man is standing	neutral
157	A man sitting on a step.	the man is not standing	entailment
158	A man not sitting on a step.	the man is not standing	neutral
159	Two dark-haired women in white dresses do not walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Men jumping on a raft.	contradiction
160	Two dark-haired women in white dresses walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Men not jumping on a raft.	contradiction
161	Two dark-haired women in white dresses do not walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Men not jumping on a raft.	contradiction
162	Two dark-haired women in white dresses do not walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two women walking.	contradiction
163	Two dark-haired women in white dresses walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two women not walking.	contradiction
164	Two dark-haired women in white dresses do not walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two women not walking.	entailment
165	Two dark-haired women in white dresses do not walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two ladies at an art gallery.	neutral
166	Two dark-haired women in white dresses walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two ladies not at an art gallery.	neutral
167	Two dark-haired women in white dresses do not walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two ladies not at an art gallery.	neutral
168	Three people are not pushing a heavy machine.	The people are laying in bed.	neutral
169	Three people are pushing a heavy machine.	The people are not laying in bed.	entailment
170	Three people are not pushing a heavy machine.	The people are not laying in bed.	neutral
171	Three people are not pushing a heavy machine.	The people are pushing heavy equipment.	contradiction
172	Three people are pushing a heavy machine.	The people are not pushing heavy equipment.	contradiction
173	Three people are not pushing a heavy machine.	The people are not pushing heavy equipment.	entailment
174	Three people are not pushing a heavy machine.	The people are factory workers.	neutral
175	Three people are pushing a heavy machine.	The people are not factory workers.	neutral
176	Three people are not pushing a heavy machine.	The people are not factory workers.	neutral
177	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are not moving a device with a conveyor belt	The parents silently wished they could transport their daughter via conveyor belt as well.	neutral
178	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt	The parents silently did not wish they could transport their daughter via conveyor belt as well.	neutral
179	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are not moving a device with a conveyor belt	The parents silently did not wish they could transport their daughter via conveyor belt as well.	neutral
180	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are not moving a device with a conveyor belt	People utilize modern technology.	contradiction
181	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt	People do not utilize modern technology.	contradiction
182	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are not moving a device with a conveyor belt	People do not utilize modern technology.	neutral
183	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are not moving a device with a conveyor belt	A family pushes a device with sheer muscle power.	neutral
184	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt	A family does not push a device with sheer muscle power.	entailment
185	a man, a woman, and a younger girl are not moving a device with a conveyor belt	A family does not push a device with sheer muscle power.	neutral
186	Three people do not push a piece of large machinery through the street.	Three people are running to catch a train.	neutral
187	Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.	Three people are not running to catch a train.	entailment
188	Three people do not push a piece of large machinery through the street.	Three people are not running to catch a train.	neutral
189	Three people do not push a piece of large machinery through the street.	These people are trying to place big machinery in another room	neutral
190	Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.	These people are not trying to place big machinery in another room	neutral
191	Three people do not push a piece of large machinery through the street.	These people are not trying to place big machinery in another room	neutral
192	Three people do not push a piece of large machinery through the street.	people are transporting a big machinery.	neutral
193	Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.	people are not transporting a big machinery.	contradiction
194	Three people do not push a piece of large machinery through the street.	people are not transporting a big machinery.	neutral
195	People do not attempt to move X-ray machine down the street.	Several persons try to move a medical equipment.	contradiction
196	People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street.	Several persons do not try to move a medical equipment.	contradiction
197	People do not attempt to move X-ray machine down the street.	Several persons do not try to move a medical equipment.	entailment
198	People do not attempt to move X-ray machine down the street.	Men working in healthcare support service.	neutral
199	People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street.	Men not working in healthcare support service.	neutral
200	People do not attempt to move X-ray machine down the street.	Men not working in healthcare support service.	neutral
201	People do not attempt to move X-ray machine down the street.	X-ray machine was ready for the next patient.	neutral
202	People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street.	X-ray machine was not ready for the next patient.	entailment
203	People do not attempt to move X-ray machine down the street.	X-ray machine was not ready for the next patient.	neutral
204	Three people are not pushing a large machine down a street.	Three men are pushing a machine.	contradiction
205	Three people are pushing a large machine down a street.	Three men are not pushing a machine.	contradiction
206	Three people are not pushing a large machine down a street.	Three men are not pushing a machine.	entailment
207	Three people are not pushing a large machine down a street.	Three people carry a large machine across the hall.	neutral
208	Three people are pushing a large machine down a street.	Three people do not carry a large machine across the hall.	entailment
209	Three people are not pushing a large machine down a street.	Three people do not carry a large machine across the hall.	neutral
210	Three people are not pushing a large machine down a street.	A few people are outside  moving a machine.	contradiction
211	Three people are pushing a large machine down a street.	A few people are not outside  moving a machine.	contradiction
212	Three people are not pushing a large machine down a street.	A few people are not outside  moving a machine.	entailment
213	A girl does not stand in a dimly lit area.	A boy stands in a dimly lit area.	contradiction
214	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	A boy does not stand in a dimly lit area.	contradiction
215	A girl does not stand in a dimly lit area.	A boy does not stand in a dimly lit area.	contradiction
216	A girl does not stand in a dimly lit area.	A person stands in a dimly lit area.	contradiction
217	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	A person does not stand in a dimly lit area.	contradiction
218	A girl does not stand in a dimly lit area.	A person does not stand in a dimly lit area.	entailment
219	A girl does not stand in a dimly lit area.	A sad girl stands in a dimly lit area.	contradiction
220	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	A sad girl does not stand in a dimly lit area.	contradiction
221	A girl does not stand in a dimly lit area.	A sad girl does not stand in a dimly lit area.	neutral
222	a lone woman not wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman wearing a dress outside.	neutral
223	a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman not wearing a dress outside.	entailment
224	a lone woman not wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman not wearing a dress outside.	neutral
225	a lone woman not wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman is waiting for a taxi.	neutral
226	a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman is not waiting for a taxi.	neutral
227	a lone woman not wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman is not waiting for a taxi.	neutral
228	a lone woman not wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman wearing clothes outside.	neutral
229	a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman not wearing clothes outside.	contradiction
230	a lone woman not wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman not wearing clothes outside.	neutral
231	Girl with crossed arms does not stand in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is sleeping.	neutral
232	Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is not sleeping.	entailment
233	Girl with crossed arms does not stand in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is not sleeping.	neutral
234	Girl with crossed arms does not stand in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is standing.	contradiction
235	Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is not standing.	contradiction
236	Girl with crossed arms does not stand in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is not standing.	entailment
237	Girl with crossed arms does not stand in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is waiting.	neutral
238	Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is not waiting.	neutral
239	Girl with crossed arms does not stand in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is not waiting.	neutral
240	Girl does not stand in subway waiting on something.	Male is standing in the middle of a bus.	contradiction
241	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	Male is not standing in the middle of a bus.	contradiction
242	Girl does not stand in subway waiting on something.	Male is not standing in the middle of a bus.	contradiction
243	Girl does not stand in subway waiting on something.	Girls is standing at train station.	contradiction
244	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	Girls is not standing at train station.	contradiction
245	Girl does not stand in subway waiting on something.	Girls is not standing at train station.	entailment
246	Girl does not stand in subway waiting on something.	Girl is standing in a restaurant.	neutral
247	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	Girl is not standing in a restaurant.	neutral
248	Girl does not stand in subway waiting on something.	Girl is not standing in a restaurant.	neutral
249	A female in blue jeans is not standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A girl is wearing pants.	entailment
250	A female in blue jeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A girl is not wearing pants.	contradiction
251	A female in blue jeans is not standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A girl is not wearing pants.	contradiction
252	A female in blue jeans is not standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A coach in uniform stands watching the team with his arms folded.	contradiction
253	A female in blue jeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A coach in uniform does not stand watching the team with his arms folded.	contradiction
254	A female in blue jeans is not standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A coach in uniform does not stand watching the team with his arms folded.	contradiction
255	A female in blue jeans is not standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A model is wearing jeans and is posing for a moody-looking teenage angst picture.	neutral
256	A female in blue jeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A model is not wearing jeans and is posing for a moody-looking teenage angst picture.	contradiction
257	A female in blue jeans is not standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A model is not wearing jeans and is posing for a moody-looking teenage angst picture.	contradiction
258	Men not working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are leaving a clean home.	neutral
259	Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are not leaving a clean home.	entailment
260	Men not working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are not leaving a clean home.	neutral
261	Men not working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are working in a dirty room with red material	contradiction
262	Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are not working in a dirty room with red material	contradiction
263	Men not working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are not working in a dirty room with red material	entailment
264	Men not working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are making a house dirty with some fabric	neutral
265	Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are not making a house dirty with some fabric	neutral
266	Men not working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are not making a house dirty with some fabric	neutral
267	People in a very poor country do not go about their daily lives.	There are destitute people.	entailment
268	People in a very poor country go about their daily lives.	There are not destitute people.	contradiction
269	People in a very poor country do not go about their daily lives.	There are not destitute people.	contradiction
270	People in a very poor country do not go about their daily lives.	The people live in a rich country.	contradiction
271	People in a very poor country go about their daily lives.	The people do not live in a rich country.	entailment
272	People in a very poor country do not go about their daily lives.	The people do not live in a rich country.	entailment
273	People in a very poor country do not go about their daily lives.	Some of them live in slums.	neutral
274	People in a very poor country go about their daily lives.	Some of them do not live in slums.	neutral
275	People in a very poor country do not go about their daily lives.	Some of them do not live in slums.	neutral
276	Three men do not work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	some people are being watched	entailment
277	Three men work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	some people are not being watched	contradiction
278	Three men do not work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	some people are not being watched	contradiction
279	Three men do not work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a couple of men are playing guitars	neutral
280	Three men work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a couple of men are not playing guitars	entailment
281	Three men do not work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a couple of men are not playing guitars	neutral
282	Three men do not work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a woman is looking at men doing something	entailment
283	Three men work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a woman is not looking at men doing something	contradiction
284	Three men do not work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a woman is not looking at men doing something	contradiction
285	A person wearing red is not at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is laying on the hot beach.	neutral
286	A person wearing red is at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is not laying on the hot beach.	entailment
287	A person wearing red is not at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is not laying on the hot beach.	neutral
288	A person wearing red is not at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is wearing red.	entailment
289	A person wearing red is at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is not wearing red.	contradiction
290	A person wearing red is not at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is not wearing red.	contradiction
291	A person wearing red is not at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is outside.	neutral
292	A person wearing red is at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is not outside.	neutral
293	A person wearing red is not at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is not outside.	neutral
294	three boys not sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three boys in the ocean	neutral
295	three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three boys not in the ocean	contradiction
296	three boys not sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three boys not in the ocean	neutral
297	three boys not sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three girls fall in the water	contradiction
298	three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three girls do not fall in the water	contradiction
299	three boys not sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three girls do not fall in the water	contradiction
300	Laboratory technicians are not checking out some samples.	Some scientists are checking their work.	contradiction
301	Laboratory technicians are checking out some samples.	Some scientists are not checking their work.	contradiction
302	Laboratory technicians are not checking out some samples.	Some scientists are not checking their work.	entailment
303	A very thin, black dog is not running in a field.	The dog is looking for food	neutral
304	A very thin, black dog running in a field.	The dog is not looking for food	neutral
305	A very thin, black dog is not running in a field.	The dog is not looking for food	neutral
306	A very thin, black dog is not running in a field.	A dog is running outside	contradiction
307	A very thin, black dog running in a field.	A dog is not running outside	contradiction
308	A very thin, black dog is not running in a field.	A dog is not running outside	entailment
309	A very thin, black dog is not running in a field.	The dog is in the house	neutral
310	A very thin, black dog running in a field.	The dog is not in the house	entailment
311	A very thin, black dog is not running in a field.	The dog is not in the house	neutral
312	A woman is not standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is a professor.	neutral
313	A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is not a professor.	neutral
314	A woman is not standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is not a professor.	neutral
315	A woman is not standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The women are in the lab.	entailment
316	A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The women are not in the lab.	contradiction
317	A woman is not standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The women are not in the lab.	contradiction
318	A woman is not standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is climbing a mountain.	contradiction
319	A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is not climbing a mountain.	entailment
320	A woman is not standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is not climbing a mountain.	entailment
321	An older woman does not show a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman is showing something to someone else in a lab.	contradiction
322	An older woman shows a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman is not showing something to someone else in a lab.	contradiction
323	An older woman does not show a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman is not showing something to someone else in a lab.	entailment
324	An older woman does not show a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman shows another woman something.	contradiction
325	An older woman shows a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman does not show another woman something.	contradiction
326	An older woman does not show a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman does not show another woman something.	entailment
327	An older woman does not show a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A man is showing somethign to his dog.	neutral
328	An older woman shows a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A man is not showing somethign to his dog.	neutral
329	An older woman does not show a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A man is not showing somethign to his dog.	neutral
330	The swimmer is not wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is wearing goggles.	contradiction
331	The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is not wearing goggles.	contradiction
332	The swimmer is not wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is not wearing goggles.	entailment
333	The swimmer is not wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is in the water.	neutral
334	The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is inot n the water.	neutral
335	The swimmer is not wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is inot n the water.	neutral
336	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is playing ice hockey.	contradiction
337	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not playing ice hockey.	contradiction
338	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not playing ice hockey.	entailment
339	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is swimming.	contradiction
340	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not swimming.	contradiction
341	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not swimming.	entailment
342	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man wearing a swimming cap and googles is swimming.	contradiction
343	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man wearing a swimming cap and googles is not swimming.	contradiction
344	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man wearing a swimming cap and googles is not swimming.	entailment
345	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A huge man swimming.	neutral
346	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A huge man is not swimming.	neutral
347	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A huge man is not swimming.	neutral
348	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is laying down on his floatation device in the pool.	contradiction
349	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not laying down on his floatation device in the pool.	entailment
350	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not laying down on his floatation device in the pool.	contradiction
351	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is racing in the swimming competition.	neutral
352	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not racing in the swimming competition.	contradiction
353	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not racing in the swimming competition.	neutral
354	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	The woman with the grey swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	neutral
355	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	The woman with the grey swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	neutral
356	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	The woman with the grey swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	neutral
357	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is in the water.	neutral
358	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not in the water.	contradiction
359	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not in the water.	neutral
360	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	a man swims with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles in a swimming pool	contradiction
361	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	a man does not swim with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles in a swimming pool	contradiction
362	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	a man does not swim with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles in a swimming pool	neutral
363	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is swimming in his backyard wearing goggles.	contradiction
364	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not swimming in his backyard wearing goggles.	neutral
365	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is not swimming in his backyard wearing goggles.	neutral
366	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	The man is a professional swimmer.	neutral
367	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	The man is not a professional swimmer.	neutral
368	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	The man is not a professional swimmer.	neutral
369	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	a man stands next to water with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	neutral
370	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	a man does not stand next to water with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	entailment
371	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	a man does not stand next to water with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	neutral
372	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	a man swims with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	contradiction
373	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	a man does not swim with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	contradiction
374	A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is not wearing goggles and swimming.	a man does not swim with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	entailment
375	A swimmer is not doing the breaststroke in a pool.	The swimmer trains for a competition.	neutral
376	A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.	The swimmer does not train for a competition.	neutral
377	A swimmer is not doing the breaststroke in a pool.	The swimmer does not train for a competition.	neutral
378	A swimmer is not doing the breaststroke in a pool.	A swimmer uses the pool.	contradiction
379	A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.	A swimmer does not use the pool.	contradiction
380	A swimmer is not doing the breaststroke in a pool.	A swimmer does not use the pool.	entailment
381	A man is not stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man is near the water making stacks of rocks.	contradiction
382	A man is stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man is near the water not making stacks of rocks.	contradiction
383	A man is not stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man is near the water not making stacks of rocks.	entailment
384	A man is not stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man stacking rocks is an artist.	neutral
385	A man is stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man stacking rocks is not an artist.	neutral
386	A man is not stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man stacking rocks is not an artist.	neutral
387	Dancer is not striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is posing	contradiction
388	Dancer striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is not posing	contradiction
389	Dancer is not striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is not posing	entailment
390	Dancer is not striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is outside.	neutral
391	Dancer striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is not outside.	neutral
392	Dancer is not striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is not outside.	neutral
393	This is not a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a soccer game.	neutral
394	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is not a scene in the middle of the action of a soccer game.	entailment
395	This is not a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is not a scene in the middle of the action of a soccer game.	neutral
396	This is not a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is a scene in the middle of a football game.	contradiction
397	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is not a scene in the middle of a football game.	contradiction
398	This is not a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is not a scene in the middle of a football game.	entailment
399	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is not unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The bicycle is locked to a pole.	neutral
400	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The bicycle is not locked to a pole.	contradiction
401	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is not unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The bicycle is not locked to a pole.	neutral
402	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is not unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman's tattoos are very colorful.	neutral
403	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman's tattoos are not very colorful.	neutral
404	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is not unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman's tattoos are not very colorful.	neutral
405	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is not unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman is very formally dressed.	contradiction
406	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman is not very formally dressed.	entailment
407	A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is not unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman is not very formally dressed.	entailment
408	A religious gathering is not reading a book.	The people are enjoying the book.	neutral
409	A religious gathering reading a book.	The people are not enjoying the book.	neutral
410	A religious gathering is not reading a book.	The people are not enjoying the book.	neutral
411	A religious gathering is not reading a book.	The people are watching a movie.	neutral
412	A religious gathering reading a book.	The people are not watching a movie.	entailment
413	A religious gathering is not reading a book.	The people are not watching a movie.	neutral
414	A religious gathering is not reading a book.	The people are reading.	contradiction
415	A religious gathering reading a book.	The people are not reading.	contradiction
416	A religious gathering is not reading a book.	The people are not reading.	entailment
417	A blond girl with an instrument on her back is not wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl has an instrument.	entailment
418	A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl does not have an instrument.	contradiction
419	A blond girl with an instrument on her back is not wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl does not have an instrument.	contradiction
420	A blond girl with an instrument on her back is not wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl is going to ride her bike to practice.	neutral
421	A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl is not going to ride her bike to practice.	neutral
422	A blond girl with an instrument on her back is not wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl is not going to ride her bike to practice.	neutral
423	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing does not retrieve her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman in corporate wear retrieves her bike on a street.	contradiction
424	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing retrieves her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman in corporate wear does not retrieve her bike on a street.	neutral
425	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing does not retrieve her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman in corporate wear does not retrieve her bike on a street.	neutral
426	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing does not retrieve her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman gets her bike in an area for shopping.	contradiction
427	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing retrieves her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman does not get her bike in an area for shopping.	contradiction
428	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing does not retrieve her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman does not get her bike in an area for shopping.	entailment
429	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing does not retrieve her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman unlocks her bicycle from a rack on a busy street.	neutral
430	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing retrieves her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman does not unlock her bicycle from a rack on a busy street.	neutral
431	A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing does not retrieve her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman does not unlock her bicycle from a rack on a busy street.	neutral
432	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is not about to get on her bicycle.	A tattooed woman gets on her bicycle to ride to a music show she's in.	neutral
433	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is about to get on her bicycle.	A tattooed woman does not get on her bicycle to ride to a music show she's in.	neutral
434	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is not about to get on her bicycle.	A tattooed woman does not get on her bicycle to ride to a music show she's in.	neutral
435	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is not about to get on her bicycle.	A girl getting on her bicycle.	contradiction
436	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is about to get on her bicycle.	A girl is not getting on her bicycle.	contradiction
437	A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is not about to get on her bicycle.	A girl is not getting on her bicycle.	entailment
438	Tattooed young woman does not chain her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman with tattoos chains her bike to a post.	contradiction
439	Tattooed young woman chains her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman with tattoos does not chain her bike to a post.	contradiction
440	Tattooed young woman does not chain her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman with tattoos does not chain her bike to a post.	entailment
441	Tattooed young woman does not chain her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman secures her bike before performing in a concert.	contradiction
442	Tattooed young woman chains her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman does not secure her bike before performing in a concert.	contradiction
443	Tattooed young woman does not chain her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman does not secure her bike before performing in a concert.	entailment
444	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue are not practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are sunbathing on a beach.	neutral
445	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are not sunbathing on a beach.	entailment
446	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue are not practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are not sunbathing on a beach.	neutral
447	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue are not practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are martial artist.	neutral
448	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are not martial artist.	contradiction
449	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue are not practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are not martial artist.	neutral
450	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue are not practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are outdoors.	neutral
451	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are not outdoors.	neutral
452	Two men, one in red vest, one in blue are not practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are not outdoors.	neutral
453	There are not two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy practices kicking while the other prepares.	neutral
454	There are two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy does not practice kicking while the other prepares.	contradiction
455	There are not two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy does not practice kicking while the other prepares.	neutral
456	There are not two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy works on punches while another kicks.	neutral
457	There are two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy does not work on punches while another kicks.	neutral
458	There are not two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy does not work on punches while another kicks.	neutral
459	Two men are not engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are jousting	contradiction
460	Two men are engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are not jousting	neutral
461	Two men are not engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are not jousting	neutral
462	Two men are not engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are walking away from each other	neutral
463	Two men are engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are not walking away from each other	entailment
464	Two men are not engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are not walking away from each other	neutral
465	Two men are not engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are engaging in a athletic competition	contradiction
466	Two men are engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are not engaging in a athletic competition	contradiction
467	Two men are not engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are not engaging in a athletic competition	entailment
468	A martial arts expert is not kicking an opponent.	While getting kicked by a martial arts expert, the opponent is getting really upset and ready to beat him up	contradiction
469	A martial arts expert kicking an opponent.	While not getting kicked by a martial arts expert, the opponent is getting really upset and ready to beat him up	contradiction
470	A martial arts expert is not kicking an opponent.	While not getting kicked by a martial arts expert, the opponent is getting really upset and ready to beat him up	neutral
471	A martial arts expert is not kicking an opponent.	Opponents brings a gun and scares the martial artist	neutral
472	A martial arts expert kicking an opponent.	Opponents does not bring a gun and scares the martial artist	neutral
473	A martial arts expert is not kicking an opponent.	Opponents does not bring a gun and scares the martial artist	neutral
474	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie does not look at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is walking.	contradiction
475	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is not walking.	entailment
476	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie does not look at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is not walking.	contradiction
477	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie does not look at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is leaning on a railing.	entailment
478	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is not leaning on a railing.	contradiction
479	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie does not look at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is not leaning on a railing.	contradiction
480	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie does not look at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is looking at someone he finds attractive while leaning on a railing.	neutral
481	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is not looking at someone he finds attractive while leaning on a railing.	neutral
482	A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie does not look at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is not looking at someone he finds attractive while leaning on a railing.	neutral
483	Well-dressed youths are not looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are playing an exciting game.	neutral
484	Well-dressed youths looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are not playing an exciting game.	entailment
485	Well-dressed youths are not looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are not playing an exciting game.	neutral
486	Well-dressed youths are not looking bored in a parking lot.	Kids are bored.	contradiction
487	Well-dressed youths looking bored in a parking lot.	Kids are not bored.	contradiction
488	Well-dressed youths are not looking bored in a parking lot.	Kids are not bored.	entailment
489	Well-dressed youths are not looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are bored after church.	neutral
490	Well-dressed youths looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are not bored after church.	neutral
491	Well-dressed youths are not looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are not bored after church.	neutral
492	Jet-ski rider does not drive through crashing wave.	A person is wearing a wet suit on a jet ski.	neutral
493	Jet-ski rider drives through crashing wave.	A person is not wearing a wet suit on a jet ski.	neutral
494	Jet-ski rider does not drive through crashing wave.	A person is not wearing a wet suit on a jet ski.	neutral
495	Jet-ski rider does not drive through crashing wave.	A person is riding a jet ski.	contradiction
496	Jet-ski rider drives through crashing wave.	A person is not riding a jet ski.	contradiction
497	Jet-ski rider does not drive through crashing wave.	A person is not riding a jet ski.	entailment
498	Jet-ski rider does not drive through crashing wave.	A person is using a rowboat.	contradiction
499	Jet-ski rider drives through crashing wave.	A person is not using a rowboat.	entailment
500	Jet-ski rider does not drive through crashing wave.	A person is not using a rowboat.	entailment
501	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is not talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man addressing a woman while another leans against a car.	contradiction
502	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man is not addressing a woman while another leans against a car.	contradiction
503	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is not talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man is not addressing a woman while another leans against a car.	entailment
504	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is not talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man chases a woman with a water balloon.	contradiction
505	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man does not chase a woman with a water balloon.	entailment
506	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is not talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man does not chase a woman with a water balloon.	neutral
507	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is not talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	Three people chatting after a movie let out.	neutral
508	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	Three people are not chatting after a movie let out.	neutral
509	A man wearing a suit with a red tie is not talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	Three people are not chatting after a movie let out.	neutral
510	A person wearing a wetsuit does not ride a jet ski into a wave.	person riding on the water on a jet ski	contradiction
511	A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.	person is not riding on the water on a jet ski	contradiction
512	A person wearing a wetsuit does not ride a jet ski into a wave.	person is not riding on the water on a jet ski	entailment
513	A person wearing a wetsuit does not ride a jet ski into a wave.	the man is on the lake with his friends riding jet skis	neutral
514	A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.	the man is not on the lake with his friends riding jet skis	neutral
515	A person wearing a wetsuit does not ride a jet ski into a wave.	the man is not on the lake with his friends riding jet skis	neutral
516	Two people are not riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are inside working on mTurk.	neutral
517	Two people riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are not inside working on mTurk.	entailment
518	Two people are not riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are not inside working on mTurk.	neutral
519	Two people are not riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	There are people.	entailment
520	Two people riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	There are not  people.	contradiction
521	Two people are not riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	There are not  people.	contradiction
522	Two people are not riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are on the pacific ocean.	neutral
523	Two people riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are not on the pacific ocean.	neutral
524	Two people are not riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are not on the pacific ocean.	neutral
525	A man on a jet ski does not soar through the waves.	The man is jet skiing while on vacation.	neutral
526	A man on a jet ski soars through the waves.	The man is not jet skiing while on vacation.	neutral
527	A man on a jet ski does not soar through the waves.	The man is not jet skiing while on vacation.	neutral
528	A man on a jet ski does not soar through the waves.	The man is putting on suntan lotion.	neutral
529	A man on a jet ski soars through the waves.	The man is not putting on suntan lotion.	entailment
530	A man on a jet ski does not soar through the waves.	The man is not putting on suntan lotion.	neutral
531	A man on a jet ski does not soar through the waves.	A man is outside.	entailment
532	A man on a jet ski soars through the waves.	A man is not outside.	contradiction
533	A man on a jet ski does not soar through the waves.	A man is not outside.	contradiction
534	A person on a jet ski is not going over waves in an ocean.	A human on a ski	entailment
535	A person on a jet ski is going over waves in an ocean.	A human is not on a ski	contradiction
536	A person on a jet ski is not going over waves in an ocean.	A human is not on a ski	contradiction
537	A person on a jet ski is not going over waves in an ocean.	A huge human on a ski	neutral
538	A person on a jet ski is going over waves in an ocean.	A huge human is not on a ski	neutral
539	A person on a jet ski is not going over waves in an ocean.	A huge human is not on a ski	neutral
540	An ad is not showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are running in front of a pepsi ad.	entailment
541	An ad showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are not running in front of a pepsi ad.	contradiction
542	An ad is not showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are not running in front of a pepsi ad.	entailment
543	An ad is not showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are jogging in jerseys with a Coca Cola ad behind them.	contradiction
544	An ad showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are not jogging in jerseys with a Coca Cola ad behind them.	contradiction
545	An ad is not showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are not jogging in jerseys with a Coca Cola ad behind them.	entailment
546	An ad is not showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are running in the city.	neutral
547	An ad showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are not running in the city.	neutral
548	An ad is not showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are not running in the city.	neutral
549	Young girls are not playing soccer.	There is a group of girls playing outdoors.	contradiction
550	Young girls playing soccer.	There is not a group of girls playing outdoors.	contradiction
551	Young girls are not playing soccer.	There is not a group of girls playing outdoors.	neutral
552	Young girls are not playing soccer.	There is a group of girls playing soccer.	contradiction
553	Young girls playing soccer.	There is not a group of girls playing soccer.	contradiction
554	Young girls are not playing soccer.	There is not a group of girls playing soccer.	entailment
555	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man do not gather for a meal	The people are eating chicken.	neutral
556	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal	The people are not eating chicken.	neutral
557	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man do not gather for a meal	The people are not eating chicken.	neutral
558	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man do not gather for a meal	The people are at church praying.	neutral
559	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal	The people are not at church praying.	entailment
560	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man do not gather for a meal	The people are not at church praying.	neutral
561	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man do not gather for a meal	The people are gathered to eat.	contradiction
562	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal	The people are not gathered to eat.	contradiction
563	A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man do not gather for a meal	The people are not gathered to eat.	entailment
564	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is not practicing on the field.	girls will win the soccer game	neutral
565	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field.	girls will not win the soccer game	neutral
566	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is not practicing on the field.	girls will not win the soccer game	neutral
567	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is not practicing on the field.	girls are going to play a game	contradiction
568	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field.	girls are not going to play a game	contradiction
569	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is not practicing on the field.	girls are not going to play a game	neutral
570	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is not practicing on the field.	girls are sitting in the playing field.	neutral
571	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field.	girls are not sitting in the playing field.	entailment
572	An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is not practicing on the field.	girls are not sitting in the playing field.	neutral
573	A group of children do not play on a soccer field.	Kids score goal in friendly game of soccer	neutral
574	A group of children play on a soccer field.	Kids do not score goal in friendly game of soccer	neutral
575	A group of children do not play on a soccer field.	Kids do not score goal in friendly game of soccer	neutral
576	A grandmother and a small child are not sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The grandmother and small child are inside.	neutral
577	A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The grandmother and small child are not inside.	contradiction
578	A grandmother and a small child are not sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The grandmother and small child are not inside.	neutral
579	A grandmother and a small child are not sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The child is sleeping in his carriage.	neutral
580	A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The child is not sleeping in his carriage.	entailment
581	A grandmother and a small child are not sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The child is not sleeping in his carriage.	neutral
582	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Two people are sitting together.	neutral
583	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Two people are not sitting together.	contradiction
584	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Two people are not sitting together.	neutral
585	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A father and son eat ice cream.	neutral
586	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A father and son do not eat ice cream.	neutral
587	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A father and son do not eat ice cream.	neutral
588	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A lady and her grandchild are being served an authentic African meal	neutral
589	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A lady and her grandchild are not being served an authentic African meal	neutral
590	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A lady and her grandchild are not being served an authentic African meal	neutral
591	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A black servant is bringing food.	neutral
592	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A black servant is not bringing food.	neutral
593	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A black servant is not bringing food.	neutral
594	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	An old lady and child are being served by a Frenchman	contradiction
595	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	An old lady and child are not being served by a Frenchman	entailment
596	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	An old lady and child are not being served by a Frenchman	entailment
597	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A woman and child are being served food.	entailment
598	an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A woman and child are not  being served food.	contradiction
599	an old lady and a child are not sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A woman and child are not  being served food.	contradiction
600	A girl with white and red makeup not holding a red umbrella.	A girl with black and blue makeup holding a white handkerchief.	neutral
601	A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.	A girl with black and blue makeup not holding a white handkerchief.	neutral
602	A girl with white and red makeup not holding a red umbrella.	A girl with black and blue makeup not holding a white handkerchief.	neutral
603	A girl with white and red makeup not holding a red umbrella.	A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella to shield herself from the sun.	contradiction
604	A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.	A girl with white and red makeup not holding a red umbrella to shield herself from the sun.	contradiction
605	A girl with white and red makeup not holding a red umbrella.	A girl with white and red makeup not holding a red umbrella to shield herself from the sun.	neutral
606	A girl with white and red makeup not holding a red umbrella.	A girl holding an umbrella.	contradiction
607	A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.	A girl not holding an umbrella.	contradiction
608	A girl with white and red makeup not holding a red umbrella.	A girl not holding an umbrella.	entailment
609	A woman not standing under a paper umbrella.	A woman is standing up	neutral
610	A woman stands under a paper umbrella.	A woman is not standing up	contradiction
611	A woman not standing under a paper umbrella.	A woman is not standing up	neutral
612	A woman not standing under a paper umbrella.	A woman is running	neutral
613	A woman stands under a paper umbrella.	A woman is not running	entailment
614	A woman not standing under a paper umbrella.	A woman is not running	neutral
615	A person is not riding a bike on a tree.	Someone is on a bike.	neutral
616	A person is riding a bike on a tree.	Someone is not on a bike.	contradiction
617	A person is not riding a bike on a tree.	Someone is not on a bike.	neutral
618	A person is not riding a bike on a tree.	A stunt rider is balancing a bike riding across a fallen tree bridge.	contradiction
619	A person is riding a bike on a tree.	A stunt rider is not balancing a bike riding across a fallen tree bridge.	neutral
620	A person is not riding a bike on a tree.	A stunt rider is not balancing a bike riding across a fallen tree bridge.	neutral
621	A person is not riding a bike on a tree.	A guy is driving a car up a tree trunk.	entailment
622	A person is riding a bike on a tree.	A guy is not driving a car up a tree trunk.	entailment
623	A person is not riding a bike on a tree.	A guy is not driving a car up a tree trunk.	neutral
624	A girl is not standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is on a boat fishing.	neutral
625	A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is not on a boat fishing.	entailment
626	A girl is not standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is not on a boat fishing.	neutral
627	A girl is not standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is fishing.	neutral
628	A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is not fishing.	contradiction
629	A girl is not standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is not fishing.	neutral
630	A girl is not standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is fishing off of a pier with her father.	neutral
631	A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is not fishing off of a pier with her father.	entailment
632	A girl is not standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is not fishing off of a pier with her father.	neutral
633	There is girl standing on the pier not wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is wearing a red shirt	neutral
634	There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is not wearing a red shirt	entailment
635	There is girl standing on the pier not wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is not wearing a red shirt	neutral
636	There is girl standing on the pier not wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is fishing	entailment
637	There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is not fishing	contradiction
638	There is girl standing on the pier not wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is not fishing	contradiction
639	There is girl standing on the pier not wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is moving the rod	neutral
640	There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is not moving the rod	neutral
641	There is girl standing on the pier not wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is not moving the rod	neutral
642	A young girl is not fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is on the lake	neutral
643	A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is not on the lake	neutral
644	A young girl is not fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is not on the lake	neutral
645	A young girl is not fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A young girl is fishing	contradiction
646	A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A young girl is not fishing	contradiction
647	A young girl is not fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A young girl is not fishing	entailment
648	A young girl is not fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is in the sun dead.	neutral
649	A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is not in the sun dead.	entailment
650	A young girl is not fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is not in the sun dead.	neutral
651	a young woman not fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman casting her last lure in the water for the day.	neutral
652	a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman not casting her last lure in the water for the day.	neutral
653	a young woman not fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman not casting her last lure in the water for the day.	neutral
654	a young woman not fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman dressing a fish.	neutral
655	a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman not dressing a fish.	entailment
656	a young woman not fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman not dressing a fish.	neutral
657	a young woman not fishing off a dock at sunset.	Woman fishing.	contradiction
658	a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset.	Woman not fishing.	contradiction
659	a young woman not fishing off a dock at sunset.	Woman not fishing.	entailment
660	The man is not skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man on a skateboard	contradiction
661	The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man not on a skateboard	contradiction
662	The man is not skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man not on a skateboard	entailment
663	The man is not skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man eating pie	neutral
664	The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man not eating pie	entailment
665	The man is not skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man not eating pie	neutral
666	The man is not skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a pro skater grinds down a rail	contradiction
667	The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a pro skater not grinding down a rail	neutral
668	The man is not skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a pro skater not grinding down a rail	neutral
669	An older gentleman not wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	The man and his dog are going to a parade.	neutral
670	An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	The man and his dog are not going to a parade.	neutral
671	An older gentleman not wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	The man and his dog are not going to a parade.	neutral
672	An older gentleman not wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	A man holds a dog that has dyed fur.	entailment
673	An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	A man not holding a dog that has dyed fur.	contradiction
674	An older gentleman not wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	A man not holding a dog that has dyed fur.	contradiction
675	girls not sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls sit together before school	neutral
676	girls sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls do not sit together before school	neutral
677	girls not sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls do not sit together before school	neutral
678	girls not sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls sit together	neutral
679	girls sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls do not sit together	contradiction
680	girls not sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls do not sit together	neutral
681	A man not sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is surfing the internet.	neutral
682	A man sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is not surfing the internet.	neutral
683	A man not sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is not surfing the internet.	neutral
684	A man not sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is on the computer in his office.	contradiction
685	A man sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is not on the computer in his office.	contradiction
686	A man not sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is not on the computer in his office.	entailment
687	A man not sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is cleaning his dek.	neutral
688	A man sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is not cleaning his dek.	entailment
689	A man not sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is not cleaning his dek.	neutral
690	A man at his desk is not reading from his computer monitor.	a person is reading	contradiction
691	A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.	a person is not reading	contradiction
692	A man at his desk is not reading from his computer monitor.	a person is not reading	entailment
693	A man at his desk is not reading from his computer monitor.	A man reads the newspaper online over coffee	neutral
694	A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.	A man does not read the newspaper online over coffee	neutral
695	A man at his desk is not reading from his computer monitor.	A man does not read the newspaper online over coffee	neutral
696	A man at his desk is not reading from his computer monitor.	A man spelunks in a cave	contradiction
697	A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.	A man not spelunking in a cave	entailment
698	A man at his desk is not reading from his computer monitor.	A man not spelunking in a cave	entailment
699	A group of young women are not sitting down outside.	There are young women outside.	contradiction
700	A group of young women are sitting down outside.	There are not young women outside.	contradiction
701	A group of young women are not sitting down outside.	There are not young women outside.	entailment
702	A group of young women are not sitting down outside.	The young women are waiting to meet Vladimir Putin.	neutral
703	A group of young women are sitting down outside.	The young women are not waiting to meet Vladimir Putin.	neutral
704	A group of young women are not sitting down outside.	The young women are not waiting to meet Vladimir Putin.	neutral
705	A group of nicely-dressed women are not sitting together.	People sitting together.	contradiction
706	A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together.	People not sitting together.	contradiction
707	A group of nicely-dressed women are not sitting together.	People not sitting together.	entailment
708	A group of nicely-dressed women are not sitting together.	Women sitting together for a picnic.	contradiction
709	A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together.	Women not sitting together for a picnic.	neutral
710	A group of nicely-dressed women are not sitting together.	Women not sitting together for a picnic.	neutral
711	A group of nicely-dressed women are not sitting together.	Naked women standing together.	contradiction
712	A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together.	Naked women not standing together.	contradiction
713	A group of nicely-dressed women are not sitting together.	Naked women not standing together.	contradiction
714	A couple is not walking down the street.	A couple is holding hands walking.	contradiction
715	A couple is walking down the street.	A couple is not holding hands walking.	neutral
716	A couple is not walking down the street.	A couple is not holding hands walking.	neutral
717	A couple is not walking down the street.	A couple sit down to eat dinner.	neutral
718	A couple is walking down the street.	A couple are not sitting down to eat dinner.	entailment
719	A couple is not walking down the street.	A couple are not sitting down to eat dinner.	neutral
720	A couple is not walking down the street.	A duo is strolling down the road.	contradiction
721	A couple is walking down the street.	A duo is not strolling down the road.	contradiction
722	A couple is not walking down the street.	A duo is not strolling down the road.	entailment
723	There is not a hockey player in the middle of a game.	The person is playing guitar for his friends.	neutral
724	There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.	The person is not playing guitar for his friends.	neutral
725	There is not a hockey player in the middle of a game.	The person is not playing guitar for his friends.	neutral
726	There is a not hockey player in the middle of a game.	A hockey player is getting ready to take a shot.	contradiction
727	There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.	A hockey player is not getting ready to take a shot.	neutral
728	There is a not hockey player in the middle of a game.	A hockey player is not getting ready to take a shot.	contradiction
729	There is not a hockey player in the middle of a game.	A person is playing hockey.	contradiction
730	There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.	A person is not playing hockey.	contradiction
731	There is not a hockey player in the middle of a game.	A person is not playing hockey.	entailment
732	This is not a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is dressed in a team uniform.	contradiction
733	This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is not dressed in a team uniform.	contradiction
734	This is not a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is not dressed in a team uniform.	entailment
735	This is not a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is skating on ice.	neutral
736	This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is not skating on ice.	neutral
737	This is not a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is not skating on ice.	neutral
738	Men not walking outside near a castle.	There are men walking near a German castle.	contradiction
739	Men walking outside near a castle.	There are not men walking near a German castle.	contradiction
740	Men not walking outside near a castle.	There are not men walking near a German castle.	entailment
741	Men not walking outside near a castle.	There are men running near a lake.	neutral
742	Men walking outside near a castle.	There are not men running near a lake.	neutral
743	Men not walking outside near a castle.	There are not men running near a lake.	neutral
744	Men not walking outside near a castle.	There are men walking.	contradiction
745	Men walking outside near a castle.	There are not men walking.	contradiction
746	Men not walking outside near a castle.	There are not men walking.	entailment
747	family not getting ready for wedding.	A family getting ready for a wedding.	contradiction
748	family getting ready for wedding.	A family not getting ready for a wedding.	contradiction
749	family not getting ready for wedding.	A family not getting ready for a wedding.	entailment
750	family not getting ready for wedding.	A family sleeping in the living room.	neutral
751	family getting ready for wedding.	A family not sleeping in the living room.	entailment
752	family not getting ready for wedding.	A family not sleeping in the living room.	neutral
753	family not getting ready for wedding.	A white family getting ready for a wedding.	contradiction
754	family getting ready for wedding.	A white family not getting ready for a wedding.	neutral
755	family not getting ready for wedding.	A white family not getting ready for a wedding.	neutral
756	Person is not riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is asleep on the bedspread.	neutral
757	Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is not asleep on the bedspread.	entailment
758	Person is not riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is not asleep on the bedspread.	neutral
759	Person is not riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	There is a person on a bike.	neutral
760	Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	There is not a person on a bike.	contradiction
761	Person is not riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	There is not a person on a bike.	neutral
762	Person is not riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is a female.	neutral
763	Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is not a female.	neutral
764	Person is not riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is not a female.	neutral
765	People not lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are starting to buy flags.	neutral
766	People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are not starting to buy flags.	neutral
767	People not lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are not starting to buy flags.	neutral
768	People not lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are burning flags in the street.	neutral
769	People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are not burning flags in the street.	neutral
770	People not lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are not burning flags in the street.	neutral
771	People not lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are celebrating Flag Day.	neutral
772	People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are not celebrating Flag Day.	contradiction
773	People not lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are not celebrating Flag Day.	neutral
774	seven well dressed people do not stand in a church.	Seven people attend a church service.	neutral
775	seven well dressed people stand in a church.	Seven people do not attend a church service.	contradiction
776	seven well dressed people do not stand in a church.	Seven people do not attend a church service.	neutral
777	seven well dressed people do not stand in a church.	Seven people bet on the ponies.	neutral
778	seven well dressed people stand in a church.	Seven people do not bet on the ponies.	neutral
779	seven well dressed people do not stand in a church.	Seven people do not bet on the ponies.	neutral
780	seven well dressed people do not stand in a church.	People stand in a church.	contradiction
781	seven well dressed people stand in a church.	People do not stand in a church.	contradiction
782	seven well dressed people do not stand in a church.	People do not stand in a church.	entailment
783	A son and his parents are not taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are worshipping in the church	neutral
784	A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are not worshipping in the church	neutral
785	A son and his parents are not taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are not worshipping in the church	neutral
786	A son and his parents are not taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are standing in front fo the church for a selfie	neutral
787	A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are not standing in front fo the church for a selfie	neutral
788	A son and his parents are not taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are not standing in front fo the church for a selfie	neutral
789	A son and his parents are not taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are in the picture	contradiction
790	A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are not in the picture	contradiction
791	A son and his parents are not taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are not in the picture	entailment
792	Two men not staring into space.	People are looking at the cosmos.	contradiction
793	Two men staring into space.	People are not looking at the cosmos.	contradiction
794	Two men not staring into space.	People are not looking at the cosmos.	neutral
795	Two men not staring into space.	The men are in an underground bunker.	neutral
796	Two men staring into space.	The men are not in an underground bunker.	entailment
797	Two men not staring into space.	The men are not in an underground bunker.	neutral
798	Two men not staring into space.	The men are looking up at the sky.	contradiction
799	Two men staring into space.	The men are not looking up at the sky.	contradiction
800	Two men not staring into space.	The men are not looking up at the sky.	entailment
801	Two boys are not sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The two young kids waited patiently at the table, hoping their parents would allow them to eat all the tableful of snacks!	contradiction
802	Two boys are sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The two young kids did not wait patiently at the table, hoping their parents would allow them to eat all the tableful of snacks!	neutral
803	Two boys are not sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The two young kids did not wait patiently at the table, hoping their parents would allow them to eat all the tableful of snacks!	neutral
804	Two boys are not sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	Two young boys, candy bars and other snacks jammed in their pockets, ran across the field to get away from the store clerk.	neutral
805	Two boys are sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	Two young boys, candy bars and other snacks jammed in their pockets, did not run across the field to get away from the store clerk.	neutral
806	Two boys are not sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	Two young boys, candy bars and other snacks jammed in their pockets, did not run across the field to get away from the store clerk.	neutral
807	Two boys are not sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The table was covered with lots of food.	neutral
808	Two boys are sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The table was not covered with lots of food.	contradiction
809	Two boys are not sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The table was not covered with lots of food.	contradiction
810	Two teenagers are not staring across a table.	Two teenagers are facing each other.	neutral
811	Two teenagers are staring across a table.	Two teenagers are not facing each other.	contradiction
812	Two teenagers are not staring across a table.	Two teenagers are not facing each other.	neutral
813	Two teenagers are not staring across a table.	The two teenagers are having a staring contest.	neutral
814	Two teenagers are staring across a table.	The two teenagers are not having a staring contest.	neutral
815	Two teenagers are not staring across a table.	The two teenagers are not having a staring contest.	neutral
816	Two teenagers are not staring across a table.	One of the teenagers is looking to the left and the other to the right.	neutral
817	Two teenagers are staring across a table.	One of the teenagers is not looking to the left and the other to the right.	neutral
818	Two teenagers are not staring across a table.	One of the teenagers is not looking to the left and the other to the right.	neutral
819	There is not two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men share a meal.	contradiction
820	There is two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men do not share a meal.	contradiction
821	There is not two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men do not share a meal.	neutral
822	There is not two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	People out having chicken wings.	neutral
823	There is two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	People not out having chicken wings.	neutral
824	There is not two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	People not out having chicken wings.	neutral
825	There is not two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men are eating dessert.	neutral
826	There is two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men are not eating dessert.	neutral
827	There is not two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men are not eating dessert.	neutral
828	Two young men with curly hair are not seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are throwing up.	neutral
829	Two young men with curly hair are seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are not throwing up.	entailment
830	Two young men with curly hair are not seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are not throwing up.	neutral
831	Two young men with curly hair are not seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are eating chinese food.	neutral
832	Two young men with curly hair are seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are not eating chinese food.	neutral
833	Two young men with curly hair are not seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are not eating chinese food.	neutral
834	Two young men with curly hair are not seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are eating.	entailment
835	Two young men with curly hair are seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are not eating.	contradiction
836	Two young men with curly hair are not seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are not eating.	contradiction
837	A woman wearing boots is not praying on the ground	A woman in boots is praying as she jumps in the air.	neutral
838	A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground	A woman in boots is not praying as she jumps in the air.	neutral
839	A woman wearing boots is not praying on the ground	A woman in boots is not praying as she jumps in the air.	neutral
840	A woman wearing boots is not praying on the ground	A person with footwear is engaged in a religious activity.	contradiction
841	A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground	A person with footwear is not engaged in a religious activity.	contradiction
842	A woman wearing boots is not praying on the ground	A person with footwear is not engaged in a religious activity.	entailment
843	A woman wearing boots is not praying on the ground	A woman prays on the ground with her hands clasped.	contradiction
844	A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground	A woman is not praying on the ground with her hands clasped.	neutral
845	A woman wearing boots is not praying on the ground	A woman is not praying on the ground with her hands clasped.	neutral
846	A maintenance worker on hands and knees not cleaning out drainage ditch.	A worker cleans out a drainage ditch.	contradiction
847	A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.	A worker does not clean out a drainage ditch.	contradiction
848	A maintenance worker on hands and knees not cleaning out drainage ditch.	A worker does not clean out a drainage ditch.	entailment
849	A maintenance worker on hands and knees not cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker dances on a stripper pole.	neutral
850	A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker not dancing on a stripper pole.	neutral
851	A maintenance worker on hands and knees not cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker not dancing on a stripper pole.	neutral
852	A maintenance worker on hands and knees not cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker cleans out a ditch.	contradiction
853	A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker does not clean out a ditch.	contradiction
854	A maintenance worker on hands and knees not cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker does not clean out a ditch.	neutral
855	A worker is not on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is painting the fence	neutral
856	A worker is on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is not painting the fence	neutral
857	A worker is not on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is not painting the fence	neutral
858	A worker is not on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is working on a fence	contradiction
859	A worker is on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is not working on a fence	contradiction
860	A worker is not on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is not working on a fence	entailment
861	A worker is not on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker urinating on the fence	neutral
862	A worker is on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker not urinating on the fence	neutral
863	A worker is not on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker not urinating on the fence	neutral
864	A person not on their knees looking for something.	A person standing in a room.	neutral
865	A person on their knees looking for something.	A person not standing in a room.	neutral
866	A person not on their knees looking for something.	A person not standing in a room.	neutral
867	A person not on their knees looking for something.	A person lost their keys and are looking for it.	neutral
868	A person on their knees looking for something.	A person lost their keys and are not looking for it.	neutral
869	A person not on their knees looking for something.	A person lost their keys and are not looking for it.	neutral
870	A person not on their knees looking for something.	A person looking for something.	contradiction
871	A person on their knees looking for something.	A person not looking for something.	contradiction
872	A person not on their knees looking for something.	A person not looking for something.	entailment
873	A man not attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man working on a wall that is broken.	contradiction
874	A man attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man not working on a wall that is broken.	contradiction
875	A man not attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man not working on a wall that is broken.	entailment
876	A man not attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man taking a nap against a concrete wall.	neutral
877	A man attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man not taking a nap against a concrete wall.	neutral
878	A man not attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man not taking a nap against a concrete wall.	neutral
879	A man not attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man working on a wall that was broken by a car driving into it.	contradiction
880	A man attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man not working on a wall that was broken by a car driving into it.	contradiction
881	A man not attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man not working on a wall that was broken by a car driving into it.	neutral
882	Two people do not talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people discuss their day in the office.	contradiction
883	Two people talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people do not discuss their day in the office.	neutral
884	Two people do not talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people do not discuss their day in the office.	entailment
885	Two people do not talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people are standing at the water cooler.	neutral
886	Two people talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people are not standing at the water cooler.	entailment
887	Two people do not talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people are not standing at the water cooler.	neutral
888	Two people do not talk while sitting by a desk.	People are sitting by a desk.	entailment
889	Two people talk while sitting by a desk.	People are not sitting by a desk.	contradiction
890	Two people do not talk while sitting by a desk.	People are not sitting by a desk.	contradiction
891	Two tennis players are not talking on the tennis courts.	Everyone is at a volleyball court.	neutral
892	Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.	Everyone is not at a volleyball court.	entailment
893	Two tennis players are not talking on the tennis courts.	Everyone is not at a volleyball court.	neutral
894	Two tennis players are not talking on the tennis courts.	Someone is about to serve.	neutral
895	Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.	Someone is not about to serve.	neutral
896	Two tennis players are not talking on the tennis courts.	Someone is not about to serve.	neutral
897	Two tennis players are not talking on the tennis courts.	The ground is green.	neutral
898	Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.	The ground is not green.	neutral
899	Two tennis players are not talking on the tennis courts.	The ground is not green.	neutral
900	A person on a horse doesn't jump over a broken down airplane.	A person is training his horse for a competition.	neutral
901	A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is not training his horse for a competition.	neutral
902	A person on a horse doesn't jump over a broken down airplane.	A person is not training his horse for a competition.	neutral
903	Two dogs are not biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are indoors.	neutral
904	Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are not indoors.	entailment
905	Two dogs are not biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are not indoors.	neutral
906	A person on a horse doesn't jump over a broken down airplane.	A person is outdoors, on a horse.	entailment
907	A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is not outdoors, on a horse.	contradiction
908	A person on a horse doesn't jump over a broken down airplane.	A person is not outdoors, on a horse.	contradiction
909	A yellow uniformed skier is not performing a trick across a railed object.	A snowboarder is riding a ski lift.	neutral
910	A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.	A snowboarder is not riding a ski lift.	neutral
911	A yellow uniformed skier is not performing a trick across a railed object.	A snowboarder is not riding a ski lift.	neutral
912	A yellow uniformed skier is not performing a trick across a railed object.	A skier is competing in a competition.	neutral
913	A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.	A skier is not competing in a competition.	neutral
914	A yellow uniformed skier is not performing a trick across a railed object.	A skier is not competing in a competition.	neutral
915	A yellow uniformed skier is not performing a trick across a railed object.	Somebody is engaging in winter sports.	neutral
916	A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.	Somebody is not engaging in winter sports.	contradiction
917	A yellow uniformed skier is not performing a trick across a railed object.	Somebody is not engaging in winter sports.	neutral
918	A boy is not jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy skates down the sidewalk.	neutral
919	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy doesn't skates down the sidewalk.	entailment
920	A boy is not jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy doesn't skates down the sidewalk.	neutral
921	A boy is not jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy does a skateboarding trick.	neutral
922	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy does not a skateboarding trick.	contradiction
923	A boy is not jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy does not a skateboarding trick.	neutral
924	A boy is not jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy is wearing safety equipment.	neutral
925	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy is not wearing safety equipment.	neutral
926	A boy is not jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy is not wearing safety equipment.	neutral
927	A skier doesn't slide along a metal rail.	A skier is near the rail looking down.	neutral
928	A skier slides along a metal rail.	A skier is not near the rail looking down.	neutral
929	A skier doesn't slide along a metal rail.	A skier is not near the rail looking down.	neutral
930	A skier doesn't slide along a metal rail.	A skier is near the rail.	contradiction
931	A skier slides along a metal rail.	A skier is not near the rail.	contradiction
932	A skier doesn't slide along a metal rail.	A skier is not near the rail.	neutral
933	A skier doesn't slide along a metal rail.	A skier is away from the rail.	neutral
934	A skier slides along a metal rail.	A skier is not away from the rail.	entailment
935	A skier doesn't slide along a metal rail.	A skier is not away from the rail.	neutral
936	Two blond women are not hugging one another.	Some women are hugging on vacation.	contradiction
937	Two blond women are hugging one another.	Some women are not hugging on vacation.	neutral
938	Two blond women are not hugging one another.	Some women are not hugging on vacation.	neutral
939	Two blond women are not hugging one another.	The women are sleeping.	neutral
940	Two blond women are hugging one another.	The women are not sleeping.	entailment
941	Two blond women are not hugging one another.	The women are not sleeping.	neutral
942	Two blond women are not hugging one another.	There are women showing affection.	neutral
943	Two blond women are hugging one another.	There are not women showing affection.	contradiction
944	Two blond women are not hugging one another.	There are not women showing affection.	neutral
945	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is not drinking orange juice.	The people are eating omelettes.	neutral
946	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The people are not eating omelettes.	neutral
947	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is not drinking orange juice.	The people are not eating omelettes.	neutral
948	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is not drinking orange juice.	The people are sitting at desks in school.	contradiction
949	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The people are not sitting at desks in school.	entailment
950	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is not drinking orange juice.	The people are not sitting at desks in school.	entailment
951	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is not drinking orange juice.	The diners are at a restaurant.	entailment
952	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The diners are not at a restaurant.	contradiction
953	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is not drinking orange juice.	The diners are not at a restaurant.	contradiction
954	An older man is not drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man is drinking juice.	neutral
955	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man is not drinking juice.	contradiction
956	An older man is not drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man is not drinking juice.	entailment
957	An older man is not drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	Two women are at a restaurant drinking wine.	neutral
958	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	Two women are not at a restaurant drinking wine.	neutral
959	An older man is not drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	Two women are not at a restaurant drinking wine.	neutral
960	An older man is not drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man in a restaurant is waiting for his meal to arrive.	neutral
961	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man in a restaurant is not waiting for his meal to arrive.	neutral
962	An older man is not drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man in a restaurant is not waiting for his meal to arrive.	neutral
963	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt is not drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park.	contradiction
964	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man is not getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park.	neutral
965	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt is not drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man is not getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park.	neutral
966	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt is not drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park	neutral
967	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man is not wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park	entailment
968	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt is not drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man is not wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park	neutral
969	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt is not drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man drinking water from a fountain.	contradiction
970	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man is not drinknig water from a fountain.	contradiction
971	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt is not drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man is not drinknig water from a fountain.	entailment
972	A blond man is not drinking from a public fountain.	The man is drinking water.	neutral
973	A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.	The man is not drinking water.	contradiction
974	A blond man is not drinking from a public fountain.	The man is not drinking water.	neutral
975	A blond man is not drinking from a public fountain.	The man is very thirsty.	neutral
976	A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.	The man is not very thirsty.	neutral
977	A blond man is not drinking from a public fountain.	The man is not very thirsty.	neutral
978	A blond man is not drinking from a public fountain.	The man is drinking coffee.	neutral
979	A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.	The man is not drinking coffee.	entailment
980	A blond man is not drinking from a public fountain.	The man is not drinking coffee.	neutral
981	Wet brown dog does not swim towards camera.	The dog is sleeping in his bed.	neutral
982	Wet brown dog swims towards camera.	The dog is not sleeping in his bed.	entailment
983	Wet brown dog does not swim towards camera.	The dog is not sleeping in his bed.	neutral
984	Wet brown dog does not swim towards camera.	A dog is playing fetch in a pond.	neutral
985	Wet brown dog swims towards camera.	A dog is not playing fetch in a pond.	neutral
986	Wet brown dog does not swim towards camera.	A dog is not playing fetch in a pond.	neutral
987	Wet brown dog does not swim towards camera.	A dog is in the water.	neutral
988	Wet brown dog swims towards camera.	A dog is not in the water.	contradiction
989	Wet brown dog does not swim towards camera.	A dog is not in the water.	neutral
990	The furry brown dog is not swimming in the ocean.	A dog is chasing a fish.	contradiction
991	The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.	A dog is not chasing a fish.	neutral
992	The furry brown dog is not swimming in the ocean.	A dog is not chasing a fish.	neutral
993	The furry brown dog is not swimming in the ocean.	A dog is swimming.	contradiction
994	The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.	A dog is not swimming.	contradiction
995	The furry brown dog is not swimming in the ocean.	A dog is not swimming.	entailment
996	The furry brown dog is not swimming in the ocean.	A dog is running around the yard.	entailment
997	The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.	A dog is not running around the yard.	neutral
998	The furry brown dog is not swimming in the ocean.	A dog is not running around the yard.	neutral
999	A big brown dog does not swim towards the camera.	A dog is chasing a stick.	neutral
1000	A big brown dog swims towards the camera.	A dog is not chasing a stick.	entailment
1001	A big brown dog does not swim towards the camera.	A dog is not chasing a stick.	neutral
1002	A big brown dog does not swim towards the camera.	A photographer is taking pictures of a dog.	neutral
1003	A big brown dog swims towards the camera.	A photographer is not taking pictures of a dog.	neutral
1004	A big brown dog does not swim towards the camera.	A photographer is not taking pictures of a dog.	neutral
1005	A big brown dog does not swim towards the camera.	A dog swims towards the camera.	contradiction
1006	A big brown dog swims towards the camera.	A dog does not swim towards the camera.	contradiction
1007	A big brown dog does not swim towards the camera.	A dog does not swim towards the camera.	entailment
1008	Seven joggers do not run down a path.	There are seven people jogging together.	neutral
1009	Seven joggers run down a path.	There are not seven people jogging together.	neutral
1010	Seven joggers do not run down a path.	There are not seven people jogging together.	neutral
1011	High fashion ladies do not wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	Women are waiting by a tram.	contradiction
1012	High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	Women are not waiting by a tram.	contradiction
1013	High fashion ladies do not wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	Women are not waiting by a tram.	entailment
1014	Seven joggers do not run down a path.	The joggers are sitting on the sidewalk.	neutral
1015	Seven joggers run down a path.	The joggers are not sitting on the sidewalk.	entailment
1016	Seven joggers do not run down a path.	The joggers are not sitting on the sidewalk.	neutral
1017	Seven joggers do not run down a path.	The joggers are running together outside.	contradiction
1018	Seven joggers run down a path.	The joggers are not running together outside.	contradiction
1019	Seven joggers do not run down a path.	The joggers are not running together outside.	entailment
1020	A man, woman, and child are not enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is at the beach.	neutral
1021	A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is not at the beach.	contradiction
1022	A man, woman, and child are not enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is not at the beach.	contradiction
1023	A man, woman, and child are not enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is at the mall shopping.	neutral
1024	A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is not at the mall shopping.	entailment
1025	A man, woman, and child are not enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is not at the mall shopping.	neutral
1026	Two people are not working on computers.	The people are talking a chemistry exam.	neutral
1027	Two people working on computers.	The people are not talking a chemistry exam.	neutral
1028	Two people are not working on computers.	The people are not talking a chemistry exam.	neutral
1029	Two people are not working on computers.	The people are near the computers.	neutral
1030	Two people working on computers.	The people are not near the computers.	contradiction
1031	Two people are not working on computers.	The people are not near the computers.	neutral
1032	Two people are not working on computers.	The people work in an office building.	neutral
1033	Two people working on computers.	The people do not work in an office building.	neutral
1034	Two people are not working on computers.	The people do not work in an office building.	neutral
1035	A couple are not playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are playing with a young child outside.	contradiction
1036	A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are not playing with a young child outside.	contradiction
1037	A couple are not playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are not playing with a young child outside.	entailment
1038	A couple are not playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are playing frisbee with a young child at the beach.	contradiction
1039	A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are not playing frisbee with a young child at the beach.	contradiction
1040	A couple are not playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are not playing frisbee with a young child at the beach.	entailment
1041	A couple are not playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple watch a little girl play by herself on the beach.	neutral
1042	A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple do not watch a little girl play by herself on the beach.	neutral
1043	A couple are not playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple do not watch a little girl play by herself on the beach.	neutral
1044	A couple do not play in the tide with their young son.	The family is sitting down for dinner.	neutral
1045	A couple play in the tide with their young son.	The family is not sitting down for dinner.	entailment
1046	A couple do not play in the tide with their young son.	The family is not sitting down for dinner.	neutral
1047	A couple do not play in the tide with their young son.	The family is outside.	neutral
1048	A couple play in the tide with their young son.	The family is not outside.	contradiction
1049	A couple do not play in the tide with their young son.	The family is not outside.	neutral
1050	Two women, one old, are not looking at a map.	The two woman are taking pictures with their cameras.	neutral
1051	Two women, one old, looking at a map.	The two woman are not taking pictures with their cameras.	entailment
1052	Two women, one old, are not looking at a map.	The two woman are not taking pictures with their cameras.	neutral
1053	Two women, one old, are not looking at a map.	The two women are looking at a map.	contradiction
1054	Two women, one old, looking at a map.	The two women are not looking at a map.	contradiction
1055	Two women, one old, are not looking at a map.	The two women are not looking at a map.	entailment
1056	Four children are not playing on a sculpture of a bear.	Old ladies are gathered for tea.	neutral
1057	Four children playing on a sculpture of a bear.	Old ladies are not gathered for tea.	neutral
1058	Four children are not playing on a sculpture of a bear.	Old ladies are not gathered for tea.	neutral
1059	A woman is not looking at a city map.	A woman views a map.	neutral
1060	A woman is looking at a city map.	A woman does not view a map.	contradiction
1061	A woman is not looking at a city map.	A woman does not view a map.	neutral
1062	Four children are not playing on a sculpture of a bear.	Kids are playing on a sculpture.	contradiction
1063	Four children playing on a sculpture of a bear.	Kids are not playing on a sculpture.	contradiction
1064	Four children are not playing on a sculpture of a bear.	Kids are not playing on a sculpture.	entailment
1065	A woman is not looking at a city map.	A woman uses GPS in her car.	neutral
1066	A woman is looking at a city map.	A woman does not use GPS in her car.	entailment
1067	A woman is not looking at a city map.	A woman does not use GPS in her car.	neutral
1068	Three people are not in a body of water.	A woman is lying on the beach alone.	neutral
1069	Three people are in a body of water.	A woman is not lying on the beach alone.	neutral
1070	Three people are not in a body of water.	A woman is not lying on the beach alone.	neutral
1071	Three people are not in a body of water.	Three friends are swimming in the lake.	contradiction
1072	Three people are in a body of water.	Three friends are not swimming in the lake.	neutral
1073	Three people are not in a body of water.	Three friends are not swimming in the lake.	neutral
1074	Three people are not in a body of water.	The water has people in it.	neutral
1075	Three people are in a body of water.	The water does not have people in it.	contradiction
1076	Three people are not in a body of water.	The water does not have people in it.	neutral
1077	A woman is not asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is asking for directions to her meeting	contradiction
1078	A woman asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is not asking for directions to her meeting	contradiction
1079	A woman is not asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is not asking for directions to her meeting	neutral
1080	A woman is not asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is asking for directions to her meeting with her directors	contradiction
1081	A woman asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is not asking for directions to her meeting with her directors	contradiction
1082	A woman is not asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is not asking for directions to her meeting with her directors	neutral
1083	A woman is not asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	While watching a movie he falls a sleep on the street	neutral
1084	A woman asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	While watching a movie he does not fall a sleep on the street	neutral
1085	A woman is not asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	While watching a movie he does not fall a sleep on the street	neutral
1086	Two women are not standing in front of a map.	two women are lost	neutral
1087	Two women standing in front of a map.	two women are not lost	neutral
1088	Two women are not standing in front of a map.	two women are not lost	neutral
1089	Two women are not standing in front of a map.	two women standing	neutral
1090	Two women standing in front of a map.	two women are not standing	contradiction
1091	Two women are not standing in front of a map.	two women are not standing	neutral
1092	Two women are not standing in front of a map.	a boy eats grapes	neutral
1093	Two women standing in front of a map.	a boy does not eat grapes	neutral
1094	Two women are not standing in front of a map.	a boy does not eat grapes	neutral
1095	A group of kids do not play in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is broken	neutral
1096	A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is not broken	entailment
1097	A group of kids do not play in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is not broken	neutral
1098	A group of kids do not play in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is spraying	neutral
1099	A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is not spraying	contradiction
1100	A group of kids do not play in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is not spraying	neutral
1101	A group of kids do not play in the spray of water from a fountain.	The sun is shining brightly	neutral
1102	A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.	The sun is not shining brightly	neutral
1103	A group of kids do not play in the spray of water from a fountain.	The sun is not shining brightly	neutral
1104	A person does not walk between two buildings.	The person is walking in between some buildings.	contradiction
1105	A person walks between two buildings.	The person is not walking in between some buildings.	contradiction
1106	A person does not walk between two buildings.	The person is not walking in between some buildings.	entailment
1107	A person does not walk between two buildings.	The person walks between the bank and the hardware store.	contradiction
1108	A person walks between two buildings.	The person does not walk between the bank and the hardware store.	neutral
1109	A person does not walk between two buildings.	The person does not walk between the bank and the hardware store.	neutral
1110	A person does not walk between two buildings.	The person is sleeping in the alley way.	neutral
1111	A person walks between two buildings.	The person is not sleeping in the alley way.	entailment
1112	A person does not walk between two buildings.	The person is not sleeping in the alley way.	neutral
1113	A blond woman does not stand alone in a city alleyway.	The woman waits by the alley for her friend.	neutral
1114	A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.	The woman does not wait by the alley for her friend.	neutral
1115	A blond woman does not stand alone in a city alleyway.	The woman does not wait by the alley for her friend.	neutral
1116	A blond woman does not stand alone in a city alleyway.	A woman is outside.	neutral
1117	A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.	A woman is not outside.	contradiction
1118	A blond woman does not stand alone in a city alleyway.	A woman is not outside.	neutral
1119	A blond woman does not stand alone in a city alleyway.	The dark headed woman stands alone in a city.	neutral
1120	A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.	The dark headed woman does not stand alone in a city.	neutral
1121	A blond woman does not stand alone in a city alleyway.	The dark headed woman does not stand alone in a city.	neutral
1122	Women are not working at looms.	Women are working	neutral
1123	Women are working at looms.	Women are not working	contradiction
1124	Women are not working at looms.	Women are not working	neutral
1125	Women are not working at looms.	Women are puking	neutral
1126	Women are working at looms.	Women are not puking	entailment
1127	Women are not working at looms.	Women are not puking	neutral
1128	Women are not working at looms.	Women are indoors	neutral
1129	Women are working at looms.	Women are not indoors	neutral
1130	Women are not working at looms.	Women are not indoors	neutral
1131	A man in a blue shirt is not driving a Segway type vehicle.	A woman in a green shirt is sitting down.	neutral
1132	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A woman in a green shirt is not sitting down.	neutral
1133	A man in a blue shirt is not driving a Segway type vehicle.	A woman in a green shirt is not sitting down.	neutral
1134	A man in a blue shirt is not driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is swimming in a pool.	neutral
1135	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is not swimming in a pool.	entailment
1136	A man in a blue shirt is not driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is not swimming in a pool.	neutral
1137	A man in a blue shirt is not driving a Segway type vehicle.	A very tall man is driving a vehicle	neutral
1138	A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A very tall man is not driving a vehicle	neutral
1139	A man in a blue shirt is not driving a Segway type vehicle.	A very tall man is not driving a vehicle	neutral
1140	A young boy is not wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy wears his favorite outfit.	neutral
1141	A young boy is wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy does not wear his favorite outfit.	neutral
1142	A young boy is not wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy does not wear his favorite outfit.	neutral
1143	A young boy is not wearing a white jumpsuit.	A girl wears a blue jumpsuit.	neutral
1144	A young boy is wearing a white jumpsuit.	A girl does not wear a blue jumpsuit.	neutral
1145	A young boy is not wearing a white jumpsuit.	A girl does not wear a blue jumpsuit.	neutral
1146	A young boy is not wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy wears a white outfit.	contradiction
1147	A young boy is wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy does not wear a white outfit.	contradiction
1148	A young boy is not wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy does not wear a white outfit.	neutral
1149	Two brown dog do not play together in the water.	dogs fight over toy	neutral
1150	Two brown dog play together in the water.	dogs do not fight over toy	neutral
1151	Two brown dog do not play together in the water.	dogs do not fight over toy	neutral
1152	Two brown dog do not play together in the water.	girl follows boy	neutral
1153	Two brown dog play together in the water.	girl does not follow boy	neutral
1154	Two brown dog do not play together in the water.	girl does not follow boy	neutral
1155	Two brown dog do not play together in the water.	dogs playing	contradiction
1156	Two brown dog play together in the water.	dogs are not playing	contradiction
1157	Two brown dog do not play together in the water.	dogs are not playing	entailment
1158	Two dogs do not play in the water.	The dogs are resting under a tree.	neutral
1159	Two dogs play in the water.	The dogs are not resting under a tree.	entailment
1160	Two dogs do not play in the water.	The dogs are not resting under a tree.	neutral
1161	Two dogs do not play in the water.	The dogs are barking loudly.	neutral
1162	Two dogs play in the water.	The dogs are not barking loudly.	neutral
1163	Two dogs do not play in the water.	The dogs are not barking loudly.	neutral
1164	Two dogs do not play in the water.	The dogs are wet.	neutral
1165	Two dogs play in the water.	The dogs are not wet.	contradiction
1166	Two dogs do not play in the water.	The dogs are not wet.	neutral
1167	Asian woman is not harvesting wheat.	There is a woman with wheat.	contradiction
1168	Asian woman harvesting wheat.	There is not a woman with wheat.	contradiction
1169	Asian woman is not harvesting wheat.	There is not a woman with wheat.	neutral
1170	Asian woman is not harvesting wheat.	The woman is selling wheat.	neutral
1171	Asian woman harvesting wheat.	The woman is not selling wheat.	neutral
1172	Asian woman is not harvesting wheat.	The woman is not selling wheat.	neutral
1173	Asian woman is not harvesting wheat.	The woman is eating corn.	neutral
1174	Asian woman harvesting wheat.	The woman is not eating corn.	entailment
1175	Asian woman is not harvesting wheat.	The woman is not eating corn.	neutral
1176	A man in red pants is not walking on rocks.	The rocks are big.	neutral
1177	A man in red pants walking on rocks.	The rocks are not big.	neutral
1178	A man in red pants is not walking on rocks.	The rocks are not big.	neutral
1179	A man in red pants is not walking on rocks.	The man is surfing.	neutral
1180	A man in red pants walking on rocks.	The man is not surfing.	entailment
1181	A man in red pants is not walking on rocks.	The man is not surfing.	neutral
1182	Two dogs are not biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are siblings.	neutral
1183	Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are not siblings.	neutral
1184	Two dogs are not biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are not siblings.	neutral
1185	A male with a hat a is not sweeping the road.	A man is sitting on a porch.	neutral
1186	A male with a hat a is sweeping the road.	A man is not sitting on a porch.	entailment
1187	A male with a hat a is not sweeping the road.	A man is not sitting on a porch.	neutral
1188	A male with a hat a is not sweeping the road.	A male is cleaning outside.	neutral
1189	A male with a hat a is sweeping the road.	A male is not cleaning outside.	contradiction
1190	A male with a hat a is not sweeping the road.	A male is not cleaning outside.	neutral
1191	A male with a hat a is not sweeping the road.	An old man is outside of his home.	neutral
1192	A male with a hat a is sweeping the road.	An old man is not outside of his not home.	contradiction
1193	A male with a hat a is not sweeping the road.	An old man is not outside of his not home.	neutral
1194	A group of people are not waving a flag on stage	An american flag is being waved.	neutral
1195	A group of people waving a flag on stage	An american flag is not being waved.	neutral
1196	A group of people are not waving a flag on stage	An american flag is not being waved.	neutral
1197	A group of people are not waving a flag on stage	A crowd has a flag	contradiction
1198	A group of people waving a flag on stage	A crowd does not have a flag	neutral
1199	A group of people are not waving a flag on stage	A crowd does not have a flag	neutral
1200	Two men on bicycles are not competing in a race.	People are riding bikes.	entailment
1201	Two men on bicycles competing in a race.	People are not riding bikes.	contradiction
1202	Two men on bicycles are not competing in a race.	People are not riding bikes.	contradiction
1203	Two men on bicycles are not competing in a race.	Men are riding bicycles on the street.	neutral
1204	Two men on bicycles competing in a race.	Men are not riding bicycles on the street.	contradiction
1205	Two men on bicycles are not competing in a race.	Men are not riding bicycles on the street.	neutral
1206	Two men on bicycles are not competing in a race.	A few people are catching fish.	neutral
1207	Two men on bicycles competing in a race.	A few people are not catching fish.	entailment
1208	Two men on bicycles are not competing in a race.	A few people are not catching fish.	neutral
1209	A young boy in a field of flowers is not carrying a ball	boy leaving baseball game	neutral
1210	A young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball	boy is not leaving baseball game	neutral
1211	A young boy in a field of flowers is not carrying a ball	boy is not leaving baseball game	neutral
1212	A young boy is not sitting in a green tunnel	A girl is sitting	neutral
1213	A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel	A girl is not sitting	neutral
1214	A young boy is not sitting in a green tunnel	A girl is not sitting	neutral
1215	A young boy is not sitting in a green tunnel	The boy is wearing a green shirt	neutral
1216	A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel	The boy is not wearing a green shirt	neutral
1217	A young boy is not sitting in a green tunnel	The boy is not wearing a green shirt	neutral
1218	Two doctors do not perform surgery on patient.	Two surgeons are having lunch.	neutral
1219	Two doctors perform surgery on patient.	Two surgeons are not having lunch.	entailment
1220	Two doctors do not perform surgery on patient.	Two surgeons are not having lunch.	neutral
1221	Two doctors do not perform surgery on patient.	Doctors are performing surgery.	contradiction
1222	Two doctors perform surgery on patient.	Doctors are not performing surgery.	contradiction
1223	Two doctors do not perform surgery on patient.	Doctors are not performing surgery.	entailment
1224	Two doctors do not perform surgery on patient.	Two doctors are performing surgery on a man.	contradiction
1225	Two doctors perform surgery on patient.	Two doctors are not performing surgery on a man.	neutral
1226	Two doctors do not perform surgery on patient.	Two doctors are not performing surgery on a man.	neutral
1227	Kids are not on a amusement ride.	Kids ride their favorite amusement ride.	contradiction
1228	Kids are on a amusement ride.	Kids do not ride their favorite amusement do not ride.	neutral
1229	Kids are not on a amusement ride.	Kids do not ride their favorite amusement do not ride.	neutral
1230	Kids are not on a amusement ride.	A car is broke down on the side of the road.	neutral
1231	Kids are on a amusement ride.	A car is not broke down on the side of the road.	neutral
1232	Kids are not on a amusement ride.	A car is not broke down on the side of the road.	neutral
1233	Kids are not on a amusement ride.	Kids ride an amusement ride.	contradiction
1234	Kids are on a amusement ride.	Kids do not ride an amusement do not ride.	contradiction
1235	Kids are not on a amusement ride.	Kids do not ride an amusement do not ride.	entailment
1236	A little boy in a blue shirt is not holding a toy.	Boy dressed in blue carrying toy to a toybox.	contradiction
1237	A little boy in a blue shirt holding a toy.	Boy dressed in blue is not carrying toy to a toybox.	neutral
1238	A little boy in a blue shirt is not holding a toy.	Boy dressed in blue is not carrying toy to a toybox.	entailment
1239	a man is not swimming inside of a pool	there is a man in a pool.	contradiction
1240	a man is swimming inside of a pool	there is not a man in a pool.	contradiction
1241	a man is not swimming inside of a pool	there is not a man in a pool.	entailment
1242	A young boy is not sitting in a green tunnel	The boy is sitting	contradiction
1243	A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel	The boy is not sitting	contradiction
1244	A young boy is not sitting in a green tunnel	The boy is not sitting	entailment
1245	The little boy is not jumping into a puddle on the street.	The boy is walking across the field with his dog.	neutral
1246	The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street.	The boy is not walking across the field with his dog.	neutral
1247	The little boy is not jumping into a puddle on the street.	The boy is not walking across the field with his dog.	neutral
1248	A girl does not swing high in the air.	A girl is laying in the pool	neutral
1249	A girl swings high in the air.	A girl is not laying in the pool	entailment
1250	A girl does not swing high in the air.	A girl is not laying in the pool	neutral
1251	A girl does not swing high in the air.	A girl is on a swing	neutral
1252	A girl swings high in the air.	A girl is not laying on a swing	contradiction
1253	A girl does not swing high in the air.	A girl is not laying on a swing	neutral
1254	A view of the back of a woman not having a beverage.	woman drinks a beer	contradiction
1255	A view of the back of a woman having a beverage.	woman does not drink a beer	neutral
1256	A view of the back of a woman not having a beverage.	woman does not drink a beer	neutral
1257	A view of the back of a woman not having a beverage.	woman dumps the drink on a man	neutral
1258	A view of the back of a woman having a beverage.	woman does not dump the drink on a man	entailment
1259	A view of the back of a woman not having a beverage.	woman does not dump the drink on a man	neutral
1260	A view of the back of a woman not having a beverage.	woman has a drink	contradiction
1261	A view of the back of a woman having a beverage.	woman does not have a drink	contradiction
1262	A view of the back of a woman not having a beverage.	woman does not have a drink	entailment
1263	A person does not ride his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is falling off his bike.	neutral
1264	A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is not falling off his bike.	entailment
1265	A person does not ride his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is not falling off his bike.	neutral
1266	A person does not ride his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is on a boat.	neutral
1267	A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is not on a boat.	entailment
1268	A person does not ride his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is not on a boat.	neutral
1269	A person does not ride his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is on a beach.	entailment
1270	A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is not on a beach.	contradiction
1271	A person does not ride his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.	A person is not on a beach.	contradiction
1272	A group of people do not prepare hot air balloons for takeoff.	A group of people are outside.	neutral
1273	A group of people prepare hot air balloons for takeoff.	A group of people are not outside.	contradiction
1274	A group of people do not prepare hot air balloons for takeoff.	A group of people are not outside.	neutral
1275	A group of people do not prepare hot air balloons for takeoff.	There are hot air balloons on the ground and air.	neutral
1276	A group of people prepare hot air balloons for takeoff.	There are not hot air balloons on the ground and air.	contradiction
1277	A group of people do not prepare hot air balloons for takeoff.	There are not hot air balloons on the ground and air.	neutral
1278	a little girl is not sitting in a seat.	She is in a chair.	contradiction
1279	a little girl sitting in a seat.	She is not in a chair.	contradiction
1280	a little girl is not sitting in a seat.	She is not in a chair.	entailment
1281	A group of young people with instruments are not on stage.	People are performing as a band for a crowd.	contradiction
1282	A group of young people with instruments are on stage.	People are not performing as a band for a crowd.	contradiction
1283	A group of young people with instruments are not on stage.	People are not performing as a band for a crowd.	entailment
1284	A group of young people with instruments are not on stage.	Young people are playing water polo.	neutral
1285	A group of young people with instruments are on stage.	Young people are not playing water polo.	entailment
1286	A group of young people with instruments are not on stage.	Young people are not playing water polo.	neutral
1287	A group of young people with instruments are not on stage.	People are playing music.	neutral
1288	A group of young people with instruments are on stage.	People are not playing music.	neutral
1289	A group of young people with instruments are not on stage.	People are not playing music.	neutral
1290	A man in a black shirt is not playing a guitar.	He is playing a song.	neutral
1291	A man in a black shirt is playing a guitar.	He is not playing a song.	contradiction
1292	A man in a black shirt is not playing a guitar.	He is not playing a song.	entailment
1293	A man in a black shirt is not playing a guitar.	The man is wearing a blue shirt.	contradiction
1294	A man in a black shirt is playing a guitar.	The man is not wearing a blue shirt.	entailment
1295	A man in a black shirt is not playing a guitar.	The man is not wearing a blue shirt.	entailment
1296	A man in a black shirt is not playing a guitar.	The man is wearing black.	entailment
1297	A man in a black shirt is playing a guitar.	The man is not wearing black.	contradiction
1298	A man in a black shirt is not playing a guitar.	The man is not wearing black.	contradiction
1299	A young boy is not playing in the grass.	The boy is playing make believe.	neutral
1300	A young boy playing in the grass.	The boy is not playing make believe.	neutral
1301	A young boy is not playing in the grass.	The boy is not playing make believe.	neutral
1302	A young boy is not playing in the grass.	There is a child in the grass.	contradiction
1303	A young boy playing in the grass.	There is not a child in the grass.	contradiction
1304	A young boy is not playing in the grass.	There is not a child in the grass.	entailment
1305	A young boy is not playing in the grass.	The boy is in the sand.	neutral
1306	A young boy playing in the grass.	The boy is not in the sand.	entailment
1307	A young boy is not playing in the grass.	The boy is not in the sand.	neutral
1308	A man and a woman are not looking at produce on display.	A man and women are staring at heads of lettuce.	contradiction
1309	A man and a woman are looking at produce on display.	A man and women are not staring at heads of lettuce.	neutral
1310	A man and a woman are not looking at produce on display.	A man and women are not staring at heads of lettuce.	neutral
1311	A man and a woman are not looking at produce on display.	Two men throw produce at each other for fun.	neutral
1312	A man and a woman are looking at produce on display.	Two men do not throw produce at each other for fun.	neutral
1313	A man and a woman are not looking at produce on display.	Two men do not throw produce at each other for fun.	neutral
1314	A man and a woman are not looking at produce on display.	A man and woman are looking at produce.	contradiction
1315	A man and a woman are looking at produce on display.	A man and woman are not looking at produce.	contradiction
1316	A man and a woman are not looking at produce on display.	A man and woman are not looking at produce.	entailment
1317	The little boy is not jumping into a puddle on the street.	The boy is outside.	neutral
1318	The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street.	The boy is not outside.	contradiction
1319	The little boy is not jumping into a puddle on the street.	The boy is not outside.	neutral
1320	People are not throwing tomatoes at each other.	The men are covered in tomatoes.	neutral
1321	People are throwing tomatoes at each other.	The men are not covered in tomatoes.	neutral
1322	People are not throwing tomatoes at each other.	The men are not covered in tomatoes.	neutral
1323	People are not throwing tomatoes at each other.	The people are having a food fight.	neutral
1324	People are throwing tomatoes at each other.	The people are not having a food fight.	contradiction
1325	People are not throwing tomatoes at each other.	The people are not having a food fight.	neutral
1326	A man and a woman are not talking in a park	A man and woman are talking in the aquarium.	neutral
1327	A man and a woman are talking in a park	A man and woman are not talking in the aquarium.	entailment
1328	A man and a woman are not talking in a park	A man and woman are not talking in the aquarium.	neutral
1329	A man and a woman are not talking in a park	The couple discuss their financial future in the park.	contradiction
1330	A man and a woman are talking in a park	The couple do not discuss their financial future in the park.	neutral
1331	A man and a woman are not talking in a park	The couple do not discuss their financial future in the park.	neutral
1332	A man and a woman are not talking in a park	A pair of people are talking outdoors.	neutral
1333	A man and a woman are talking in a park	A pair of people are not talking outdoors.	contradiction
1334	A man and a woman are not talking in a park	A pair of people are not talking outdoors.	neutral
1335	Girl does not play with colorful letters on the floor.	The girl is playing a video game in the bath.	neutral
1336	Girl plays with colorful letters on the floor.	The girl is not playing a video game in the bath.	entailment
1337	Girl does not play with colorful letters on the floor.	The girl is not playing a video game in the bath.	neutral
1338	Girl does not play with colorful letters on the floor.	The girl is spelling out her favorite words with colored letters.	contradiction
1339	Girl plays with colorful letters on the floor.	The girl is not spelling out her favorite words with colored letters.	neutral
1340	Girl does not play with colorful letters on the floor.	The girl is not spelling out her favorite words with colored letters.	neutral
1341	Dog are not herding cows	Animals are near each other.	neutral
1342	Dog herding cows	Animals are not near each other.	contradiction
1343	Dog are not herding cows	Animals are not near each other.	neutral
1344	A lady with bright orange hair is not walking in a crowd.	The woman is asleep.	neutral
1345	A lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd.	The woman is not asleep.	entailment
1346	A lady with bright orange hair is not walking in a crowd.	The woman is not asleep.	neutral
1347	A lady with bright orange hair is not walking in a crowd.	A woman is near a group of people.	neutral
1348	A lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd.	A woman is not near a group of people.	contradiction
1349	A lady with bright orange hair is not walking in a crowd.	A woman is not near a group of people.	neutral
1350	A lady with bright orange hair is not walking in a crowd.	The street performer is entertaining the tourists.	neutral
1351	A lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd.	The street performer is not entertaining the tourists.	neutral
1352	A lady with bright orange hair is not walking in a crowd.	The street performer is not entertaining the tourists.	neutral
1353	A man does not waterski with a life jacket.	Hitler rides a jetski in this Kawasaki advertisement.	contradiction
1354	A man waterskies with a life jacket.	Hitler does not ride a jetski in this Kawasaki advertisement.	neutral
1355	A man does not waterski with a life jacket.	Hitler does not ride a jetski in this Kawasaki advertisement.	neutral
1356	A man does not waterski with a life jacket.	A lifeguard races across the water.	neutral
1357	A man waterskies with a life jacket.	A lifeguard does not race across the water.	neutral
1358	A man does not waterski with a life jacket.	A lifeguard does not race across the water.	neutral
1359	A man does not waterski with a life jacket.	The man is enjoying the ocean.	neutral
1360	A man waterskies with a life jacket.	The man is not enjoying the ocean.	neutral
1361	A man does not waterski with a life jacket.	The man is not enjoying the ocean.	neutral
1362	A group of children do not enjoy their time on the beach.	A group of adults are swimming at the beach.	neutral
1363	A group of children enjoy their time on the beach.	A group of adults are not swimming at the beach.	neutral
1364	A group of children do not enjoy their time on the beach.	A group of adults are not swimming at the beach.	neutral
1365	A group of children do not enjoy their time on the beach.	Children are swimming at the beach.	neutral
1366	A group of children enjoy their time on the beach.	Children are not swimming at the beach.	neutral
1367	A group of children do not enjoy their time on the beach.	Children are not swimming at the beach.	neutral
1368	A group of children do not enjoy their time on the beach.	Children are at the beach.	entailment
1369	A group of children enjoy their time on the beach.	Children are not at the beach.	contradiction
1370	A group of children do not enjoy their time on the beach.	Children are not at the beach.	contradiction
1371	A guy is not waxing a wooden floor with wax.	the guy is dead	neutral
1372	A guy waxing a wooden floor with wax.	the guy is not dead	entailment
1373	A guy is not waxing a wooden floor with wax.	the guy is not dead	neutral
1374	A guy is not waxing a wooden floor with wax.	a guy is waxing	contradiction
1375	A guy waxing a wooden floor with wax.	a guy is not waxing	contradiction
1376	A guy is not waxing a wooden floor with wax.	a guy is not waxing	entailment
1377	A guy is not waxing a wooden floor with wax.	the guy is paid	neutral
1378	A guy waxing a wooden floor with wax.	the guy is not paid	neutral
1379	A guy is not waxing a wooden floor with wax.	the guy is not paid	neutral
1380	A man is not jumping sideways in the ocean.	A man sits in a hotel lobby.	neutral
1381	A man jumping sideways in the ocean.	A man does not sit in a hotel lobby.	entailment
1382	A man is not jumping sideways in the ocean.	A man does not sit in a hotel lobby.	neutral
1383	A man is not jumping sideways in the ocean.	A man jumps in the ocean.	contradiction
1384	A man jumping sideways in the ocean.	A man does not jump in the ocean.	contradiction
1385	A man is not jumping sideways in the ocean.	A man does not jump in the ocean.	entailment
1386	An older gentleman is not speaking at a podium.	A man giving a speech	neutral
1387	An older gentleman speaking at a podium.	A man is not giving a speech	neutral
1388	An older gentleman is not speaking at a podium.	A man is not giving a speech	entailment
1389	Dog are not herding cows	Cats are sleeping inside the room.	neutral
1390	Dog herding cows	Cats are not sleeping inside the room.	neutral
1391	Dog are not herding cows	Cats are not sleeping inside the room.	neutral
1392	A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is not jumping outside.	A little girl is playing jump rope.	contradiction
1393	A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside.	A little girl is not playing jump rope.	neutral
1394	A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is not jumping outside.	A little girl is not playing jump rope.	neutral
1395	A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is not jumping outside.	A child is playing.	neutral
1396	A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside.	A child is not playing.	contradiction
1397	A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is not jumping outside.	A child is not playing.	neutral
1398	A boy in red does not slide down an inflatable ride.	A boy rolls around an inflatable ride.	neutral
1399	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.	A boy does not roll around an inflatable ride.	neutral
1400	A boy in red does not slide down an inflatable ride.	A boy does not roll around an inflatable ride.	neutral
1401	A boy in red does not slide down an inflatable ride.	A boy is playing on an inflatable ride.	contradiction
1402	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.	A boy is not playing on an inflatable ride.	contradiction
1403	A boy in red does not slide down an inflatable ride.	A boy is not playing on an inflatable ride.	entailment
1404	A boy in red does not slide down an inflatable ride.	A boy pierces a knife through an inflatable ride.	neutral
1405	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.	A boy does not pierce a knife through an inflatable ride.	neutral
1406	A boy in red does not slide down an inflatable ride.	A boy does not pierce a knife through an inflatable ride.	neutral
1407	A man is not reading a newspaper in a car dealership.	A man is at a car dealership.	entailment
1408	A man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership.	A man is not at a car dealership.	contradiction
1409	A man is not reading a newspaper in a car dealership.	A man is not at a car dealership.	contradiction
1410	a little girl is not sitting in a seat.	She is standing on the seat.	neutral
1411	a little girl sitting in a seat.	She is not standing on the seat.	entailment
1412	a little girl is not sitting in a seat.	She is not standing on the seat.	neutral
1413	A man is not reading a newspaper in a car dealership.	A man is reading a magazine at the hospital.	neutral
1414	A man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership.	A man is not reading a magazine at the hospital.	entailment
1415	A man is not reading a newspaper in a car dealership.	A man is not reading a magazine at the hospital.	neutral
1416	Group yoga class is not exercising.	A group of people holding various positions for a period of time.	neutral
1417	Group yoga class exercising.	A group of people are not holding various positions for a period of time.	contradiction
1418	Group yoga class is not exercising.	A group of people are not holding various positions for a period of time.	neutral
1419	Group yoga class is not exercising.	The yoga group are eating chips and fries.	neutral
1420	Group yoga class exercising.	The yoga group are not eating chips and fries.	entailment
1421	Group yoga class is not exercising.	The yoga group are not eating chips and fries.	neutral
1422	Group yoga class is not exercising.	Half of the yoga group are female.	neutral
1423	Group yoga class exercising.	Half of the yoga group are not female.	neutral
1424	Group yoga class is not exercising.	Half of the yoga group are not female.	neutral
1425	Three women in dress suits do not walk by a building.	Three women are traveling by foot.	neutral
1426	Three women in dress suits walk by a building.	Three women are not traveling by foot.	contradiction
1427	Three women in dress suits do not walk by a building.	Three women are not traveling by foot.	neutral
1428	Three women in dress suits do not walk by a building.	The suits are gray.	neutral
1429	Three women in dress suits walk by a building.	The suits are not gray.	neutral
1430	Three women in dress suits do not walk by a building.	The suits are not gray.	neutral
1431	Three women in dress suits do not walk by a building.	The woman are wearing bikinis.	contradiction
1432	Three women in dress suits walk by a building.	The woman are not wearing bikinis.	entailment
1433	Three women in dress suits do not walk by a building.	The woman are not wearing bikinis.	entailment
1434	A child is not looking out of a door.	The child is asleep.	neutral
1435	A child is looking out of a door.	The child is not asleep.	entailment
1436	A child is not looking out of a door.	The child is not asleep.	neutral
1437	A child is not looking out of a door.	The door is open.	neutral
1438	A child is looking out of a door.	The door is not open.	contradiction
1439	A child is not looking out of a door.	The door is not open.	neutral
1440	A child is not looking out of a door.	There is a door.	neutral
1441	A child is looking out of a door.	There is not a door.	contradiction
1442	A child is not looking out of a door.	There is not a door.	neutral
1443	kids are not drawing something on paper	The kids are drawing pictures of animals.	contradiction
1444	kids drawing something on paper	The kids are not drawing pictures of animals.	neutral
1445	kids are not drawing something on paper	The kids are not drawing pictures of animals.	neutral
1446	Young man is not walking dog	The man is walking his cat.	neutral
1447	Young man walking dog	The man is not walking his cat.	entailment
1448	Young man is not walking dog	The man is not walking his cat.	neutral
1449	kids are not drawing something on paper	The kids are cutting ribbons.	neutral
1450	kids drawing something on paper	The kids are not cutting ribbons.	entailment
1451	kids are not drawing something on paper	The kids are not cutting ribbons.	neutral
1452	A young woman is not singing into a microphone.	The woman playing the trumpet.	neutral
1453	A young woman is singing into a microphone.	The woman is not playing the trumpet.	entailment
1454	A young woman is not singing into a microphone.	The woman is not playing the trumpet.	neutral
1455	A young woman is not singing into a microphone.	The woman is in a band.	neutral
1456	A young woman is singing into a microphone.	The woman is not in a band.	neutral
1457	A young woman is not singing into a microphone.	The woman is not in a band.	neutral
1458	A young woman is not singing into a microphone.	The woman is singing.	neutral
1459	A young woman is singing into a microphone.	The woman is not singing.	contradiction
1460	A young woman is not singing into a microphone.	The woman is not singing.	neutral
1461	A diver is not swimming with a turtle.	A sick turtle is swimming by a diver.	contradiction
1462	A diver is swimming with a turtle.	A sick turtle is not swimming by a diver.	contradiction
1463	A diver is not swimming with a turtle.	A sick turtle is not swimming by a diver.	neutral
1464	A diver is not swimming with a turtle.	A lion is eating raw meat at the zoo.	neutral
1465	A diver is swimming with a turtle.	A lion is not eating raw meat at the zoo.	neutral
1466	A diver is not swimming with a turtle.	A lion is not eating raw meat at the zoo.	neutral
1467	A boy in overalls does not blow bubbles.	A boy in overalls is playing with bubbles outside.	contradiction
1468	A boy in overalls blows bubbles.	A boy in overalls is not playing with bubbles outside.	neutral
1469	A boy in overalls does not blow bubbles.	A boy in overalls is not playing with bubbles outside.	entailment
1470	A boy in overalls does not blow bubbles.	A boy is blowing bubbles.	contradiction
1471	A boy in overalls blows bubbles.	A boy is not blowing bubbles.	contradiction
1472	A boy in overalls does not blow bubbles.	A boy is not blowing bubbles.	entailment
1473	A boy in overalls does not blow bubbles.	A man is juggling in the park.	neutral
1474	A boy in overalls blows bubbles.	A man is not juggling in the park.	neutral
1475	A boy in overalls does not blow bubbles.	A man is not juggling in the park.	neutral
1476	Two children are not playing on the floor with toy trains.	The children played on the floor with their new christmas toys.	neutral
1477	Two children playing on the floor with toy trains.	The children did not play on the floor with their new christmas toys.	neutral
1478	Two children are not playing on the floor with toy trains.	The children did not play on the floor with their new christmas toys.	neutral
1479	Two children are not playing on the floor with toy trains.	The children played on the floor.	neutral
1480	Two children playing on the floor with toy trains.	The children did not play on the floor.	contradiction
1481	Two children are not playing on the floor with toy trains.	The children did not play on the floor.	neutral
1482	Two children are not playing on the floor with toy trains.	The girls slept on the floor next to the toys.	neutral
1483	Two children playing on the floor with toy trains.	The girls did not sleep on the floor next to the toys.	neutral
1484	Two children are not playing on the floor with toy trains.	The girls did not sleep on the floor next to the toys.	neutral
1485	A man in a blue shirt, is not jumping down a hill in a park.	A man is sleeping.	neutral
1486	A man in a blue shirt, jumping down a hill in a park.	A man is not sleeping.	entailment
1487	A man in a blue shirt, is not jumping down a hill in a park.	A man is not sleeping.	neutral
1488	A man in a blue shirt, is not jumping down a hill in a park.	a man is wearing blue	entailment
1489	A man in a blue shirt, jumping down a hill in a park.	a man is not wearing blue	contradiction
1490	A man in a blue shirt, is not jumping down a hill in a park.	a man is not wearing blue	contradiction
1491	Two boys do not stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	Boys are standing	contradiction
1492	Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	Boys are not standing	contradiction
1493	Two boys do not stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	Boys are not standing	entailment
1494	Two boys do not stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	The ocean is calm	neutral
1495	Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	The ocean is not calm	neutral
1496	Two boys do not stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	The ocean is not calm	neutral
1497	Two boys do not stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	The boys are surfing	neutral
1498	Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	The boys are not surfing	entailment
1499	Two boys do not stand in an ocean as the sun sets.	The boys are not surfing	neutral
